 The problem is that we haven´t that defined what does it mean to add new content .
The multilinguality is not there at all .
This is just a png extracted from, from [PERSON26].
But so this is extracted from .
a paper and, um, how many s-, um, these copied so <unintelligible> pictures are there .
I don´t know like to rules like, I think it depends on the licence of each of the papers .
The licence is probably somewhere in archive but archive lists the licence probably somewhere .
The book is entitled 'Creative comments atribution 4.0 international licence' The author says he plans to include one of two, one or two pictures from the, from other papers .
The conversation ends with a question: "What do you do with this? What do we do with it?" There is also hidden one with [PROJECT2] - so it would be also like probing.
 There is on the right.
The hidden one we cannot see it now.
The book is more or less written but some parts still need to be rewritten and, and the pictures may-, must be done better .
The first part is written I guess and I´m sure that it would benefit from further reading and comments and rewritting and so on .
The to do section here can be safely deleted .
FastText shows the structure and the others don´t .
FastText is automatically adjusted to, to show the whole range .
But it's strange that the FastText - The original [PERSON2] model had some, um, I´ll -.
I´’ll - .
I´'ll delete this figure and I may do something with your figure so...
so...
I´ve seen worse .
Figure 4.1 will be deleted and figure 4.6 will also be deleted .
The book will be sent to reviewers after it is sent to them .
The deadline is today midnight .
The text is written in the [PROJECT3] document .
The only thing missing for me is add PCA and ICA which I can basically copy from other texts .
Send you something.
The reviewers are [PERSON10], [Person18].
And I think that it is not as...
the word of tokens (text and trees), the reviewers are .
The reviewers (PERSON20) are .
the reviewers of previous [ORGANIZATION2] books .
The deep-learning algorithm is being taught by deep-learners .
The code is based on deep-schooling software .
There are no rules, um, it, in the books series that we should have a summary and, and summary in Czech and something like that .
The series said that the summary is obligatory.
But I don´t think it says more about what should be in the summary or so .
There are some citations that are not in the Zotero format so they´re deffinitely will bee always missing .
There are undefined references not (reply) defined cit-, citations .
We have to write it somehow and so it´s readable, readable and...
The meeting is plan, planned 12:30 and currently [PROJECT3] is - 'project3' The meeting will take place at 2 p.m.
on July 13th .
There are, there are prerecorded presentations and QA sessions .
The presentations will be broadcasted like prerecorded and then the QA will be live .
There are tutorials on Sunday at 3 p.m.
for each paper .
Someone else also wants to watch the same thing and he´s registered which I don´t know if, if it will be true .
He says he doesn't know if people can watch if they´re not registered .