PERSON9 and PERSON12 are discussing the pandemic in the Czech Republic and the situation in India.There was an event in which almost three hundred people got infected.
The family members did not report it to authorities.
The names of common nouns repeating from English to Czech meetings need to be transferred.
There are good named entity recognition models for English and LNTJ for Czech.There are two thousand and one hundred names on the menu.
Some of them are unrecognized.
The names in brackets are the names of speakers and they show diarization.
They need to be unified to keep the information that the speakers changed.PERSON12 will write to [PERSON15] to ask if he wants to join the meeting.
PERSON15 will send an e-mail with the link to the meeting at 00:00.
(PERSON7) and (PERSON15) agree that all the named entities have to be located automatically and that manual validation should be done at the level of word types.
(PERSON7) and (PERSON15) agree that <unintelligible> is not a proper noun, so they can remove it in the meetings and let the annotators decide if they need to be removed or not.
PERSON7, PERSON15 and PERSON9 are discussing the procedure for annotating transcripts.PERSON12, PERSON15 and PERSON7 are discussing the organization's name tag system.
They are also discussing how to exit full screen and then chat.(PERSON12) and (PERSON15) agree that name tags is too fine grained for their purpose.
PERSON15 will use named entity recognition for English meetings and after that for Czech meetings.
In the first phase, the name tag will pre-annotate this list.
If it's a person's name, all occurrences of that name will be automatically confirmed in the training data.
IfPERSON7 and PERSON15 are discussing the semantics of the named entity recognition recognition model.PERSON7 will run the name tag at the token level.
If it makes an error, it goes up to the level of the annotator.
The name of the speaker can be anonymized in the transcript.
(PERSON12) and (PERSON7) must provide a table for the speakers.
They need to preserve the full name like [PERSON6] here on line one.
Then they need to map them to specific names.
The IDs are the same as in the anonymizedPERSON15 and PERSON7 are discussing how to correct mistakes in the transcript.
PERSON18 is starting his Phd.PERSON9 wants PERSON18 to transfer the tool to PERSON9.
PERSON12 and PERSON15 want him to be more responsive to emails.
PERSON12, PERSON7, PERSON9 and PERSON15 are taking a leave today.
They are going to work on a project together.PERSON9 and PERSON12 want to know how many meetings they should choose and send them the minutes.
PERSON4 has already prepared some evaluation form, they will discuss it and they will evaluate them.
The minutes are already there, so they don't need to create them.PERSON2, PERSON12 and PERSON9 are going to annotate and then evaluate twenty minute- twenty meetings.
The annotator needs a week to prepare a transcript and a minu- nad minutes for one meeting.
The meeting is about one hour long.
PERSON