And that´s it.
So one of those is Matus Zilinec, for example, eh, so eh I would later ask Matus to eh to to give us a brief summary of what he he has been working on for the past months actually.And what he is is he up to.And eh, there will be a lot of connection with eh, lot of connections with everything what he do.
Uh, and eh, we are eh, hoping that that will be allowed by you have to use these calls for the meeting summarization eh, eh, so eh, the - Fe- if you agree now, like please keep participating in the call, and the consent that you are giving by your participation now is not to publish the data yet.
Eh, and I would like now eh, I would like to ask Matus now to start, because he has been the most eh, eh remote  for a while.
Yes, I don´t see you <unintelligible>, but - (M) Okay.
(M) Yes, so - Actually I don´t know what was the last time when I was eh, on this call.
So one thing that that, I have been working on is, uh, is actually actually trying to collect the data that we can use - The monoli- monolingual data tha- that we can use eh, for for this rainbow models.
And for this I have actually found - I have I have a - Because like the problem is that that we need the domain specific data and - (O) Mhm.
So so so - (O) Yeah.
So I kind of didn´t eh - (O) Yeah.
So that we can eh, use it to to - So can you - So that we can adapt adapt their data collection, eh, for for some kind of spoken data.
I  don´t know, just - (O) Yeah.
(O) Yeah, so that is something that we should,eh, we should consider this like next the possible thing to do.
So with the evaluation I would like you to em, test the evaluation eh, using ELITR test set and SLTF and in on the call I saw - Now it doesn´t really work for me the Zoom is kind of stuck.
It used to be Vojtech eh, Srdecny, but eh, he is giving that to - Is that you Umar, is that you?
(O) You´re not on that.
So the - Yeah, so the - For everybody, the general idea behind this ELITR test set and SLTEV is that we would like to make it the standard evaluation tool.
So please, everybody get in touch with Ebrahim directly, and get it s- Like eh, like find a way in which this tool will work for all of you.
Ah, so that would be like the test case of the evaluation for the purposes of the publication of the SLTEV.
(O) Yes (E) But you - Okay, but you you want the previous version also, because you said in your you know when we were talking - You said when you were talking you said: It works independently, without any <unintelligible> (O) Yes.
(O) Yeah, okay.
(E) Okay, so let me - (O) Yeah, great.
At the moment I don´t know what I should work on, and eh, who - With whom I should eh, maybe - (O) Yeah, so - (S) Work with So yeah - I I´d be really happy if you just - (On) Yeah.
Uh, and this is what what Rishu is now also working on.
(E) Okay, so if it is possible please contact Mohamad and ask him for this call and if you want I can also attend the the call to - (O) Yeah.
(O) Okay?
(B) Yeah, but just in case that - (O) Somebody - (B) To have access to the system and cluster so I can do something what I can do there.
(R) Then we can - (O) So so the models have to be of comparable quality, so that the uh, the multi-source has a chance to be useful, right?
(P) Um, well, I'm working on the chopped data set as already - (O) Yeah.
Because that is something which we would - If your model eh, evaluates well, using SLTEV on ELITR test set, we would like to have that integrated.
So eh, eh.
Then it would be great to eh, like ask someone to help you, for example Rishu, to to help you, with the onlinezation of your model.
(P) Yes, eh, the question is whether we would want to use just a Jasper as a model.
(P) Yes, okay.
And I would like eh, to ask Umar to also work on the eh, on the same data and keep training.
(M) Can you can you also maybe eh, if you are doing some communication.
(S) So so I I also have to leave, my lecture is ongoing and I have eh, said my part and I know what I should do next.
What I´m uh, really eh, working on is eh, like call it there chopped data set and with that I I I´m using regular eh, speech data set.
I I I got the data from the challenge.
Is it so?
(P) Hm, well I should be I should start to work on multi-lingual ASR, but eeh, this this - Because I I´m still at home and I eh, do not have much time to work.
So I´m this this eh, what I´m really doing now and eh, probably next week I´ll be in Prague and I´ll start to work more more hard and maybe then I´ll I´ll be - I´ll start with the wil- with the multi-lingual ASR.
I I think I need need to work on whatever he was thinking about so I will just maybe first to <unintelligible> the path of data from <unintelligible>.
So eeh, what are the tasks we need to do - Well, ehm - There´s these there are the data from the Interspeech challenge and we need to we need to check whether we can use these data.
Isn´t it so?
(U) Okay, so so if that was that requirement, then please share the <unintelligible> with me of the <unintelligible> data set.
We train the set and we test it.
(U) So I'm leaving a message for you on <unintelligible> (P) Well, if it´s okay for you I I´m not - I rather use mail.
If it´s okay for you.
(U) Okay, that´s that´s <unintelligible> I´ll then eh, leave the message for you on mail and whenever you have time <unintelligible> (P) Okay, so I guess I think is evertyhing.
