(PERSON4): Are there any links to that of the- Ye, for the manual evaluation thing.
(PERSON5): Ye, I am searching I I did hadn't half of the copy of it.
(PERSON8): So I actually wanted to talk to [PERSON2] today and he planned to join us.
(PERSON4): I did with you [PERSON8] for like I have to collect the minutes so- I don't understand this upload thing.
And how to like find what is actually there in the [ORGANIZATION2] corpus and how we do that link with the web.
(PERSON4): I just want to know a few things from you regarding that europarl website maybe you can guide me.
Can you just share the screen- (PERSON8): Ye, if you see the gender.
It says the name European environmental aconomic accounts (debate).
And here you can see that this name corresponds to chapter eight year, sixteen.
I don't know if this website has gotten index of the minutes just like it had for the transcripts.
We are within the corpus created for machine translation purposes.
So you want to just see that what they are following like the based or is it some kind of the- So they have shown us a snapshot of the interface which they have done for the annotation tool (PERSON8): But what should I do with that?
(PERSON5): Okay, so in the fact-based the figure number ehm.
(PERSON5): Yea, so I wanted to show you that here itself in on page number- (PERSON8): This blue one, yes?
But in the implementation details they have mentioned the entire thing.
That where they have this summary and transcript which they have put in the web application.
And how good is the summary So they have this entire web interface.
So I just wanted to show you how how what kind of people- What kind of manually valuation people are performing for the summarisation systems.
And based on the web- There are annotators are asking by scene board the transcript and the summary.
(PERSON5): So I just wanted to confirm that is the web base good for us or something else is is.
(PERSON5): Yea, even I wanted to ask the contented would it would it be good for shared task.
If you just have web base interface for manually evaluation.
So we build inteface which shows the transcipt and the summarisation.
So the annotators do not have to compute each and- Because there are so many minutes and the ones which are generated.
(PERSON5): Yea, because the main purpose to build this manually evaluation.
So thank you for the prooving details we already <unintelligible> for the testing data.
I don't unders- We have a very <unintelligible> set of questions here.
Just building the guidelines and heading forward to annotators.
(PERSON5): Ye, that's that's that's what [PERSON8] and I discussed that for the drafting of each should be finalized.
When you start the manual evaluation question there or maybe is that you are suggesting.
So I was reading the paper how to actually add interface some constant values.
Which people were considered a lot in their summarization systems.
So actually multiplying them with the constant value is is thing to be decided.
Okay so I will send the- (PERSON4): So as I underst- Understand so the coherence with the read ability and all these scores.
I'd like to add that it would be that it is very hard work to make these evoluations.
Ye [PERSON5] please also while you put your criterias please also evaluate two minutes- (PERSON5): Hmm, okay (PERSON4): Okay, so that we can have the same set up of what good and bad minute looks like.
We all can annotate a single minute and then we will see based on [PERSON5]'s criteria.
Or audience criteria with judgement we all <unintelligible>- (PERSON8): So we all three we will judge not draft the minutes.
(PERSON5): Yea, so it is it is I think a good idea so we can easily finalize the draft (PERSON4): Yes.
Yea, I think for the first shared task I would like absolutely keep everything as simple as possible.
What are the pr- (PERSON5): So some eval and the one was the another paper <unintelligible>.
So- (PERSON4): So on our paper do you have any figures that how the matrix work.
(PERSON4): Yea, so I think if we can have like the europarl data with the transcript and the minutes align.
Then this is not a big difference to make much more data from all the years.
So I dont know if it makes sense but probably technically it will no- These are already exemples these transcripts.
So one thing [PERSON8] so you buy alignment so I'm like getting a little bit confused.
Because I did know we were talking about alignments between the transcript and- (PERSON8): No, no, it's different.
(PERSON8): Okay, somehow you didn't push us away today so they granted us woth extra time.
And [PERSON5] and please also send the automatic evaluation that the paper of <unintelligible> want to.
I will I will link them in five minutes I think just opening the- (PERSON4): Yea, sure, sure, okay.
