PERSON5 hasn't heard from him yet, so she's not sure if she's joining.
She's afraid to go to New Delhi for the visa and stuffs and she's already in Iran for a month or two.
There are limits on the amount of time you can be paid for half a year.
Last year, because you started in the middle of the year, they were able to pay you for the full year, but this year it's not possible.
Professor will talk to people about it.PERSON4 is not going to be able to handle the data set on his own because he is already being paid for his work.
(PERSON4) is going to put an annotation into all the files and polish them.
The second round will be at the token level.
PERSON1, PERSON4 and PERSON2 discuss how to prepare for the annotators.PERSON1, PERSON2, PERSON3 and PERSON4 are working on a document.The annotator should open the HTML in Word or LibreOffice and extract the indicators into the clean XML format.
PERSON1, Person2, Person3, Person4 and Person5 are discussing how to annotate documents.PERSON1, PERSON2, and PERSON3 discuss how to present documents to people.PERSON1, PERSON2, and PERSON3 discuss how to mark non-per-non-named entities.(PERSON4) and (PERSON1) agree that the text should be written in green text.
They will do a test document on one document and prepare it for the annotators.The website has to be ready for the Scientific Committee.
The way to roll it out to the web is fully automatic.
PERSON8 is not on the call.
She will be added to the sheet, to the prospective, uh Scientific Committee.
PERSON3 is in the process of submitting the [PROJECT2] proposal to two places currently.
They need to have all the data processed by February (mid).
It also depends on the annotators.PERSON3 and PERSON4 will meet on Monday to catch up.
They have to send the proposal and the sample data to be uploaded on the website as soon as possible.PERSON2 and PERSON3 are discussing the proposal.
It's snowing outside.
PERSON2 didn't go to Russia for Christmas because of diabetes.PERSON2 and PERSON3 hope that once the vaccine, mass immunation program starts, it will slow the spread and once the spread, goes a townward trajectory, then it is, like, it is going to end.
(PERSON3) and (PERSON2) are preparing a project.
They need to submit it today.
The project starts with Project 1 and ends with Project 21.
There is a registration form on the second page.
The website is too long.
They don't have a ScientificPERSON2 and PERSON3 are working on the proposal submission stuffs.
They want to get all this done by January tenth.PERSON2 and PERSON3 haven't heard back from [PERSON8] recently.
PERSON2 will write to her.
They have to submit something to the government.
They will meet tomorrow at half past one to discuss it.