And you know [PERSON9] is around at the moment because he said that he restarted, the publishers and the they failed.
So when [PERSON13] launches all the target languages, the same for the given the input stream the same ASR worker type is launched as many times as there is sort of the target languages.
How difficult is it in the platform in the mediator,to, to like follow the path and avoid duplicating work.
Quickly share the screen where you had the the the launch of ten workers at the same time like underneath of each other.
The thing is that the what I see in the log file from EB client is that these English ASR or English sound is being converted while a a to, one of the target languages.
Because in my opinion the mediator should, should somehow find an economic solution, also in the ASR route of the path, but is actually that it is not being a specially 90 here, and here.
And there you will see that in four lines, and these info lines are going from English lecture [ORGANIZATION2] hybrid audio to English <unintelligible> English text to English published, and similarly for the for the other languages.
So we dont need any clever optimization of the path of we would need to only like combine the common prefix (PERSON11) I understand, but at the moment that it is not meant to work in this way.
<unintelligible> in order to use the if possible common route and dispatch that to the different branches, but the is something we have to reason carefully.
(PERSON12) more to <unintelligible> of the workers (PERSON13) Yes, but and on this wide terminal we see how many, how many ASR workers are available at this moment, there are six, and I 'm going to run it on one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten on on one 30 second audio.
(PERSON12)Yeah, so I'm afraid that we what we need to you is, because the the the machine translation workers seem working well, right.
So what i will try is to well, again, keep pinging [ORGANIZATION2] for a for getting this running, and for like providing so many workers that the bugs wont be that severe for the whole system, but does anyone have any idea.
So the client that would get the CTM output from the worker, and then send this CTM to  the different segmentation workers, more get the segmentation outputs already and send a text.
So what is the status of the text input to the to the mediator.
The EB client would ship the audios to the mediator and get the segment output from the segmenter <unintelligible> mediator.
Okay, so thats the ASR workers in the Google document, and hopefully we'll hear something from [ORGANIZATION2], then the empty workers I said that these good.
(PERSON12) So the participants notebooks will all be connected to the very same wired network, and we need the URL with RTMP protocol with the stream subtitles to work from for their notebooks.
So this is this is in the Google document I'm curious what the setup should be so that we stream the uh, the slides.
Since I'm i guess on the event you are going to be, every machine is going to be connected to the same LAN, right?
You are using the in your tests, you are using the real [ORGANIZATION4] presentation platform, and the subtitles are coming from the the Internet while the stream is only copied locally.
Or I can share mine, so here in the, (PERSON11) Okay, I have a office number, but I can share with you the [PERSON3] one.
And stream just the one we select and not perform all the possible translation and filter just the output of the presentation platform because otherwise it will be really difficult to understand what is going to happen.
So we the strongly suggest to choose the the preferred the English stream at the beginning.
That we would want to have the English subtitles presented from the main round table, and the translations to go from the respeakers.
Uh, uh, [PERSON13] can simply run the EB client twice, one of those who will have connect to the English presentation, using the the round table sound.
But this is there is still one more topic related, and thats the that the delivering subtitles to interpreters booth, and uh, that is something which will need different English languages the like string, booth one booth two booth three.
So that I will provide you my support during my travel, of course having the when I will have the <unintelligible>, when I'm not flying, and [PERSON9] will not be there so actually we have two, arrive on Wednesday which if possible everything as much stable as possible.
(PERSON12) Yeah, so could this logic actually be actually remove from the or or disabled, at the presentation platform, a so that the present- <unintelligible> will simply show uh, too long string if if it arrives.
So in the long term and now we still have the [ORGANIZATION3] team on onboard, in the long term I think that we want to have machine translation as immediate as possible, translating incomplete sentences as well.
Should be delierig well again, we dont know where the logic should, but the segmentation worker should send the whole sentece- well, should send segments, which start at the beginning of the sentence and they should gradually become longer and longer as more ASR output is ready.
And in that case, I still think its beer if the segmentation worker is the one who would be forcefully cutting the sentences, rather than the presentation platform, because then the presentation platform is stuck with like I have shown only something, and I need to show something of the rest the later on.
And then I do not know what to show like its the, Oh, where is the the segmentation worker from the ASR does have access to the continuous stream, right?
(PERSON12) Sorry I didnt get the message, so you, the message was that your, you have English as the preferred source language.
(PERSON11) We are going to configure te presenation platform, English as the top priority source language since we are running test with English, but please if you change the test, tell us so that we can put German as top priority and so on, because otherwise we'll not be published i- on the front end the subtitle.
I would also like to ask everybody to keep debugging this afternoon and and tomorrow so that we have the workers reliable, and, yeah.
Okay, so thanks everybody and please keep trying full load because this is something that we have not suceeded at all, [PERSON5] please let us know as soon as the <unintelligible> or the segmentation within the subtitle presentation is gone so that we can see what it what it looks like.
(PERSON12) Okay, yeah, so thanks a lot and we'll be in touch well during the afternoon and also tomorrow during the times that you have inicated, possibly making another pexip call but its not planned far now yet.
Too bad, <laugh> and are you <laugh> and are you and [PERSON2] available for Wednesday, Thursday and Friday, like possibly all of the time because right now we have as you were not at the call, but you have observed during the mornin that the critical point now is all the workers, its the combination of the non multiplexing in the mediator, and the unreliability of of the workers that puts extreme like demand on the number of ASR workers that are available, and we need you to swiftly restarting them.
(PERSON12) Yeah, soI've asked [PERSON2] in the slack today, maybe you can not see the message, but my idea was that maybe you could setup very simple CGI script or PHP script or whatever, so that we could ping fixed URL and tell it the session ID of a worker, ASR worker which is not functioning.
And what you would do, in the script would be you would know which process ID this ses- this ID corresponds to and you would kill the process and start a new process instead, so that we could initiate the restart of the worker.
I dont how I can make some kind of website available for you over the internet I dont know map our workers to session IDs, <unintelligible> the workers know about the session ID, I guess they do but it might have this.
When they start they emmit the session ID when they get it from the from the mediator, so all you would need to do would be to grab the logs for the given session ID and the workers would need to save their process ID when they are put processing the log.
And to create a webpage that would be accesible for us, its it depends on your setup but in principle you could also run a very small webserver such as Python <unintelligible> or Parallel <unintelligible> that was the thing, and that that has to run on the machine where the workers are, so that like it can kill them and the firewalls must not be in the way, but if we set it up or if you set it up on on high port then you hopefully to get the request from us.
<unintelligible> I have no experience in coding in any web server package, I'm looking at the logs right now and I dont see easily from the logs where were the session ID, no I dont think  we can do this.
But I think it should be easy to wrap them in something, so that you forgot to launch it you will modify the launching script so that the launching script will emmit its process ID.
This is this is the worker <unintelligible> running on this server right now and the docker so that we can kill.
So we we have the system that works okay this way, I would prefer to find <unintelligible> the workers not resetting this so much more, for the [PROJECT1].
So I think it is the the the the matter of a would be only to recompile this worker with one print.
And I like you would see a message in the slak window, restart session ID and you would just run your own script restart session ID, and it would do the grapping and it would do the killing and it would do the restarting, so it would be one copy paste from slack to your screen and that would save us a lot of worries.
So I'll have to run now, but please prepare, please modify worker so that they show session ID and so that you have a simple script which would be something like restart by session ID.sh and we will send you session ID and yu would only do this, and it would do the right thing, and if you accidentaly run this on the wrong machine, which does not have this sesion ID the worker for the session ID it will tell you: "Well, I do not have that worker, you need to run me on the other other machine."
