" i'm not sure if [ [ person ]5 ] will be joining, " says person5.
" it's like...
i can't ( this month ), " he says.
" this is really zero, or is that - - ( person4 ) i - - i - can ’ t ( any ) time "" we are failing to get our people here, " says one person.
" it's not really - ( or ) ( uh ) ( ( person ) i would like, to - uh, uh ) to go to prague, " she says.
" i would only say that when the vaccination drive starts, uh, " another says.uh, uh, we would not be this lucky this year, but uh, there is a limit on, how far we can push, this.
uh - uh - oh, uh - huh - uh...
we were lucky that you started in the middle of the year, so uh, oh - uh, yes, yes.
uh, i think um, uh uh, ok, so so that you don't think that the matter has been solved by you still, getting the money.uh, uh, the - - uh, he's not, will not have the capacity to do the, uh the labor, so to write and finish his thesis, and - - do and - write.
uh the student of mine would - - and uh - - be able to do it in a short period of time, like by his decision, and not to like polish the data uh.we are short of a person, who would do uh - uh - was, that [ [ person4 ] was - - that is.
uh - - was.
that was, uh - huh - was - that.
[ [ uh ] was, actually,, that we would do, uh, the.
process that we discussed yesterday, uh.
but i don't think there's any new input from me at this point,'i said.'i don ’ t think that [ person 4 ] ’ s weekends would - would - be - sufficient.if - - uh, uh - uh - - is that it can easily fail as well as - - short of people - - it's the ty - type level phase.
so, uh, how to proceed uh, what do you think of uh? if - it will be the same thing at the token level, so what will happen?the word is possibly a named entity and no person has looked at it yet.
it's ok to have uncertainty about the status of the process.
it is possible that, for example, the - the - months, will be also like a special, uh level there.
this is not to - uh, like, if - we - are er - skilled, uh.this bolding and italicisation is probably a good uh, option.
italicise uh, what is a named entity, and they would, uh, uh highlighted in yellow background.
this is the way we are going to - - uh, as well as for them, and we need ( the ) graphics.if people already are looking at the documents, they could debug it.
they would not be supposed to modify the type level annotation.
instead, they would scroll - uh, uh - uh - it - like when they were f - where they were found, uh.
uh is the list of documents, uh and uh - oh.the annotators would open that, uh, the file after saving it.
they would then be in smaller, ah, mu - much smaller fonts.
this would be the same as plain text, uh and italicise for no, uh.
uh, when microsoft word, will ( screw up ) the final document.the annotators can open the html in word, in microsoft word, or uh, in libreoffice.
if you can edit them without uh, the indicators, uh, or save it, in an editor.
the indicators should be open off - uh - uh.
uh, uh is an html, uh - like a - or span which is shining yellow." i'm just limited to weekends.
i've copied from the, uh - this is strange, like i made a copy, and then now the.
comment has now moved, uh, with the copy pasting, and that's bad.
if i don't, i'll try to find another person as well.uh, uh - uh, and uh - huh - uh...
and we would have left this ne suspect, uh, huh - huh.
so this is the one option : we will have to leave the ne suspect.
if we want to have the type of type as well, then we'll have left another neuter.there could always be type equals something.
uh, we have to show the full text, and uh, uh, there - - uh, here - there - are words with the - with words, or the whole text, or some ( words ) in it?'uh'is a uh - word with [ person2 ] ] - - or the entire text.we have to present the full documents...
we can stick to the documents.
we would only convert them from the current format, which is plain text, to this html with the, or as a sentence, as well as highlighted places.
" we would vote for showing more, " says person2.people can upload the files to google docs, uh - s - - uh - ( person1 ) - - from ethical point of view.
it's easier than to send the files so ( they have ) the whole table of unintelligible...
but then we have to do, open open access to our ( transcripts ), uh.the light yellow is for words that are, maybe ( form ) in the - - uh, the - this is not a name, but uh, ( with the ) person7 ]'s name and, uh, [ [ [ person ] ’ s ] name and [ person ), that was decided as not a person.
we have already dif - uh.if there is a name which is not red, it would be green and green.
if there's a non - name, it's green and another name is green.
this would be very, very, common in the whole text, so we would be - - uh, ok, not highlighted at all.if it's green, italicise it...
and italicises it.
" i think that like i'll - italicising it " is actually not a name, and should be green, " uh, uh, oh, uh " uh - uh : " i would like you to do a test - uh "" i will make the website ready within about one or two hours, " says person3.
" we'll do a challenge, with the scientific committee, so whatever suggestion < unintelligible, " said person1.
the website was created by person3's person1, and is now available on the web." we're running short on time, " says person1.
" i'll - uh, thank you, uh, and - - uh - oh, yes, that's what i'm saying, " he says.
" you have already not written them yet, so that should happen when the webpage is ready "" person8 " is a person's request to add more names to the database.
it's not the first time a person has been on this call.
if you had time, please, fill that, it'll be for scholarship.
" i've seen your request, but the link is buried somewhere in my inbox "if you're in the process of submitting a paper, you'll find some - some time, so uh, uh, yeah, yeah.
so i'm leaving, an - and - i - m - leaving, and uh, thanks, bye - bye.
( ( person3 ) ( person1 ) : ( person 3 ) )...
( person4 ) ), ( ( group3 ) ) ( ( individual ), and ( ( organization1 ) ) ;.
( group1 ), or ( [ project1 ] ).the annotation tool will look like a'laugh'if it's just - click click click.
it also depends on annotators.
if it ’ s just clicking click click, so what's it taking for annotations?...
in two hours after you give him." if we want to make 100 hours, let's count, 200, i don't know what to say to - to - express it as soon as possible, " says uh, uh.
uh, we can do it very quickly, so that's ok, " uh says.if you have the code, we can run down all of this < unintelligible...
but it was nice to meet you.
( person4 ) : " i prefer to.
[ [ [ person ] 4 ], as usual - as usual " ( person 4 ) : ( ( person3 ), " i - like " ), and..
" uh, i - uh "if you can't see, you can take a look at the proposal.
the project1 proposal is " master document, " the project2 components.
it's a google doc, the " project2 " component, and the [ project2 ] components.
if you want to see the proposal, you should rename it as master document.you can look at the numbers in the uk, uh, so, you can see the death rate.
but it's not the case, it ’ s also a factor.
you can also see the deaths of a person with a comorbidity, so that's why i didn't go to russia on christmas.when the vaccine, mass immunation program starts, it will slow the spread.
but it has the ability, to stop the spread, for example.
it's not ( foolproof ) that no one will die after the vaccines will be there, but definitely the rate would be much lower." it's quite a good < unintelligible level, " says person2.
" we have to be careful, like we can't.
stop the spread of the spread, " said person2's creator.
" i'm just trying to find, the link again, " he said.you can see the content on the site, but it's not really big - ( ( person2 ) ) - committee.
it is just for the website, you won't, find this link, and that's where you'll find it.
the site is available on the second page, and you can't see it." i am totally sick of them, what is that < unintelligible? " ( person3 ) : " i have sent it.
i will - i will put it there, yeah, it's okay...
i have it already, " says one of the group2 users." i'm really bad at this, organisational things.
i miss this actually normal english words " " uh, i miss - i admire that, " says person3.
" i am really bad, really, at um - eh, " he says.
" you are very good at this...
but i miss it "" i'm really, really, very bad at all these group things, " she says.
" i have just - uh, i have to write her...
she's getting the - our emails maybe, i ’ m not sure, " says one person." we can even skip tomorrow, and keep on working, and maybe we can meet unintelligible, " says person3.
" we'll have just half an hour, but it's absolutely okay, " said person2.
" i'm having another call at half past one, and i will write you.
"