So for some reason I have always has to connect a few times uh until Zoom starts sending also the sound to me.
But for some folders, for some reason, the audio format is wrong.
And that's uh because their target side is uh- are the subtitles which are created for the hearing impaired.
And then, when we have the final output f- from from from the entire input sentence we start generating.
And then basically with every new token that they gather they they generate the new-
So basically, it's much faster because you just generate one word at at a time.
Yeah yes, s- so basically we would just uh call it like to-
We would just train it s- so that it is stops- uh generating yeah- after some, some time.
Because uh I I was just looking at the [PROJECT4] source code some time ago.
(PERSON6) And I I am trying to uh gather the data <unintelligible> from those (tasks) that are mentioned in the program.
(PERSON6) I I I'm a bit afraid that the (mayborl) probably will not be prepared till tomorrow.
Because uh tomorrow I'll be working on the Monday similar model as well.
Each of the pipelines uh on Monday for the two different domain adaptations.
It should be part of uh the automatic evaluation of [PROJECT1] test set right.
But there are some audio files uh where it, it gets converted to the <unintelligibile> format.
Because once I have the (WAB) file, I probably won't need to do convert.
Remember, I it's it's it's since August that I've been telling that that we want to evaluate on [PROJECT1] test set.
Zoom never worked as badly for me as it as it was <laugh> today for the recording.
And here we are running on the uh in the problems of conversion of the of the file formats.
So my only uh thinking is of [PERSON5] who was able to simply come by and help immediately.
And ah, so I think there are some things to discuss about the (multiple) dictionaries.
(PERSON6) Uh I I received your email yesterday with uh the thing I was I mentioned in the <unintelligible> (ASL) system without using (pretest) (for pronunciations) was better than <unintelligible> (multiple pronunciations).
So [PERSON2] sent this email with the forwards, the uh (Watson IBM) and yeah.
(PERSON6) And so the performance of dix- (description) was exactly the same with the without uh adding these pronunciations in their dictionaries.
So the thing that I asked for is that you would have various versions of this dictionary by taking only the words that were observed five times.
But uh please stay on this call and figure out jointly how to use that dictionary.
You need to figure out what words are in the uh in the language model.
And the words which are in the language model should be simply copied.
And you will also possibly run into one more problem that it's not ready for two big custom dictionaries.
And you need to put these two (knowledgeist) <laugh> pieces of knowledge together.
Or actually the same sentences, but spoken by but by uh different speakers.
Or or I mean, forced alignment for (defen) test set.
So I would r- like to have the ASR numbers uh t- today.
Are uh are (tools) files, which doesn't get converted into 16 (killer) <unintelligible> format pretty easily.
For (IWSLT), then I observed that that there are no big differences in machine translation parts.
(PERSON7) During the month of August uh, we also had numbers for the empty models.
The (rainbow empty models), uh scores were better than our len- our I think yeah.
Basically how what [PERSON1] mentioned on the call that there was two <unintelligible> individual translation workers, you can see if they are performing better.
If you want to inspect it, then l- listen to the to the source audio.
So uh so I, I now see that the the transcripts for for these files are don't have the right length.
And I'm not sure how to uh how to convert them properly, because (F F M P G) just just returns the error for those files.
And actually, how how many how many worker- workers can I run in parallel on (cpu)?
Or should we go forward with the language model fo- to process the the interpreters?
(PERSON5) So I figured out that actually in the fi- in some of the files there is, you don't just hear the interpreter.
If it doesn't work, then I can apply some kind of filter to cut off the- this effort with with low volume.
(PERSON4) And <laugh> if she says that not, even when the quality is good, then then we don't need to care much about the rest.
And so there was there was very some phonemes that weren't (formatted) into the f- corresponding alphabet for names and uh.
So if I I I can share the other f- package with you if if you are familiar with (arl) that is actually very easy to use.
There is some uhm nice chart y- in Wikipedia that um shows you the nearest phonemes.
(PERSON6) Ca- can you share the linked of Wikipedia page?
