" i was running little bit - - sorry i was caught in another call...
and i'm happy to see you, " says person3.
" i guess [ person1 ] was about to join because he told me that he wanted to be in the meeting, " he says." i think he might have started some phd somewhere or something, " i said.
" he's not going to finish it because he stopped.
he stopped responding, didn't respond...
and probably - - but now we have to work with this, " said ig.if you see that the annotator has stopped, you can finish it yourself, so, uh, so i can do the second round for many of the words, uh.
so, this is something, that i wanted to do, and that it depends on the context, " it's an online document so i have to do the processing, uh "" the ma - the agenda is in the master plan, uh, uh for the - um first shared task on automated minuting.
" so this is the agenda, " says one of the group's members.
" we can write it to the agenda if we can find it, " he says.candidates without context, if they are surely a named entity.
annotate at word type level.
uh, uh, um, um or perhaps in, each occurrence.
uh is not processed at token level yet, but it illustrates that we want to know what has been touched by people with what result?we always must be sure about the fact that the distinct decisions are made to the finest level.
the idea was, uh, to the uh, annotation maybe a rename that document, so it should not be a copy of - - but it should say something like that.like the word copy, this copy od is just automatic what happens if you make a copy.
we need to have the full collection of all our documents with all its documents replaced by place holders.
we have to know at what stage of this process we are, uh, to do.the word type annotation is the word in the running text.
this is the standard distinction between lexicographers work types and words.
it's a word type based on a word in a running text in the dictionary.
the terms from lexicography...
can be added to the word token.if [ person5 ] is not available, that will be like seriously in need off.
" i don't understand the code, " says person2's creator.
" it's not a - ( person1 ), " he says.
" we're doing now is...
that's what we are doing "there are a lot of typos in named entities that are not a named entity.
the annotation is still proceeding, but most of the output is not named.
there are lots of different words, mostly because the people don't know the correct spelling.
" it has very bad quality, everything of that, " says one user.the list includes the multiword nes.
these include the multi word ones, and the multiple word ones.
there are also the open problems, uh, or uh, and one of the open issues is the proble - - uh, ok, uh.
the list of words beginning from c [ project4 ] tal.there need not be a replacement, but like, the actual actual removal of the original text, uh, from the documents.
the identity of nes, um, preservation and now well - known names, such as the individual speakers, is still well - - but like the actual removal, it would be better to preserve the identity.we can afford to ignore this...
but we should not ignore it for the sake of time, says i.
uh, uh, to - uh.
i don't - uh, i do, uh - uh - and persons - - uh and persons.
i don't want to ignore these chains for the people.
i think we shouldn't ignore that for people.
we should ignore that.if we like mess up people, we might afford to ignore it.
we don't have to discuss whether this is the same jane or different jane.
we do it only for the speakers, if we can.
if we don ’ t, we'll have to ignore that.we need to put this outline on a time frame.
if not, then then we have to offload some of our what - modelling ideas.
we still have time to do this ourselves...
and maybe it's in some document with person3's details.our data set is not too big.
it's a special type of text processing.
it has to be a skilled person in in this, like texting.
if you have already dates someone, then then it would be easier for you to use it.
if we want to talk to someone else, then please do plan something.i would be happy if we had to delete names of languages.
if we don't anonymise it would take her some time to make the time.
i'd be very happy if i left english, german, czech and polish.
i would have to say, if we didn't know what exactly exactly this person laid up.cnn's kat kinsman was talking about a document that is either the transcript or any minute version of the minutes.
kinsman says she's just writing it to - - and that it should be done on both, of course.
" we must not forget about this, " says kinsman.the guidelines will say something like person's name must not appear in that.
the data set must be free of personal data, according to the guidelines.
the rules will be the result of a survey of the regulations the guidelines are to follow.
it will also check if the procedure that we are already running is in line with that or if anything else needs to be included." we are in some time pressure, but not any worse time pressure than a month ago, " says person7.
" we have to decide how -...
what should be the wording of the consent form, " said person7's email to her this morning.the first constant form of consent is the consent to publish the first page.
the second consent form is a second consent consent form.
" we are processing their data without having recived their consent, " says one participant.
" i would focus on the second page, " said one of the participants.first form will be on the third form of the first form.
first form is on the content to process the data and deidentify it with the forcing goal of publication.
this is when people will be asked with the second form again.
if you are still represented in this form, you will have the permission to publish it.we can simplify it also by, uh, should - uh, and give a link to the full dataset.
you need to get your consent form, so people could open the data set fully de - identified already.
the easiest way to skip is to prepare the consent form fully - de - identifying already.the corpus was created by annotators.
it was created in two hours.
it can be used to extract the names of participants from meeting minutes.
it's not known if it will be able to extract names from the database.
it will also be available to download for free online download." the best effort is to -...
- - if you have an annotator who could review this, " says one of our annotators.
" we will say in the content, content, consent form based on - - and even if we don't do it, " we say." it's not too bad.
it ’ s a little bit of work extra, " says one person.
" i'll leave it up to you what you find, uh, what is it? that should not take much time to do, " he says.
the master of the master sheet was created by person1.every gaze into the data set gives us an opportunity to spot other things that should have been anonymised.
we should have a place where they would record, uh, extra observations, they would have the remarks.
if we want to see, we can put this on a timeline.we need to have the full thing, was it end of march.
it's doable for us in those two months to have almost finished the de - identification process.
" we would have had three weeks to finish it, " says person3's brian o'donnell.if we are able to have the data de - identification consent from their end should be done by february, then they should then do the consent.
" i think that [ person ] will be finished with the work type level annotation, uh, well, it's like thousand and a half maybe "this should not happen later than in february.
the exact timing depends on who is doing that.
this should happen by the end of february at the latest, or this or this.
it's not the same thing as in february, but there's a lot of things to discuss.if you're in the scientific committee, it is not finalised.
if you - - or they - - are the potential reviewer.
so they could be the potential critic.
if they are interested, they could review others work, or review others'work.
so, why did you include all the names?if you're master students, it's a special task to look through these people.
do you have to have the list for the application? send it to anyone you know.
if you have it, please send it back to your email account or email it to your friends.the organization6 has added column f in the organization 6.
the list includes those who have it declined or accepted or accepted.
" we are in this organization6, " says person3.
the organization has the same language as any other organization, according to the organization's organization6." we need to...
submit the proposal within the january seventh or eight, " says person1.
the proposal was made by person1's facebook page.
" we have to just submit a proposal because a scientific committee is not, will be fixed, " said the person.
" i don't expect anyone to be in any good position for, uh, serving on this.
"if we can have 15 people, we will send emails today.
this is the first time we have asked for a proposal in two days.
the deadline for finfish the call has been set for two days from now.
it's not clear if we're willing to take part in the call.the project3 repo is a member of the project8, a group of people from the past.
it's a perfect match for the current organization8 event in the u.
s., where the event is held.
" i like the link, re -, rejuvenate, that is also a perfect fit, " he says.the plan is like we will do it latest by 10th.
we should be sending this proposal to [ organization7 ] at thursday.
so what do you think? if you send it to your candidates? if she also comes and probably we will speak with you...
and maybe we will talk.if they get an email from person2 nedoluzhko, it's like from higher.
( person1 ) ) ( ( person2 ) )...
and if you send it, it is.
actually, it ’ s something - - too russian, okay, i think it'll be better in english." i think it's better in english, " says person22.
hello, bye bye, bye.
bye bye...
bye.
goodbye.
bye, " bye.
" bye bye " " bye " and bye.
you'll be able to do it this afternoon, " let's say.