The Czech Republic government has lifted the rules.
People can go out even if it's not necessary.
People are allowed to reach their family starting from the 4th of June.
People living in Trento and Bolzano can now go to the forest.PERSON5 is the last one.
There will be at least one more call before the summer, two more in May and one in June, and six more in July.
The administrative part of the call will take place in September.
People will have to postpone one of their regular meetings.The volunteer should be entered in the continues reporting.
Organizing6 needs to ask for an extension for this deliver because Congress has not taken place.
Organizer4 is developing their own systems in this area.(PERSON1, PERSON16 and PERSON5 are going to write a project management guide.
They will cross review what they wrote and they should review what we wrote.There is no project management guide for the Czech deliverable.
The description of the deliverable is just "Czech management guide".Any partner planning to start working on EU projects should start writing by the end of June.
The internal reviews should be ready by mid June at the latest.
After that, they have two weeks to finish the complete draft.
Then they have a week to fix it.
After the Congress,There will be one more deliverable due in the end of August.
There will be another one due in December.
The colleague responsible for the test sets is extremely slow.
The layout of the test set is many documents, depending on the availablity of the document.
The WMT 20 is a collection of documents in various languages.
The language map is a directory of file lists.
The annotators are searching for documents and in many of the languages.
There is a low deliverable of the year 2 test set.There are three types of test sets: speech, machine translation and line oriented documents.
There are also file lists.(PERSON6) and (PERSON1) agree that the public use of the test sets should be limited to few of them.
They agree that there should be only 3 file lists for the general public.PERSON1, PERSON6 and PERSON9 are talking about the evaluation of spoken language translation.
(PERSON1) and (PERSON6) need the SLTF to serve the model.
They have to send the source code of the model to the organizers to run it for one of the tasks.
The forced alignment, which finds the words in the in the sound, is not reliable for us.
PERSON1, Person2, Person3, Person4, Person5, Person6, Person7, Person8, Person9, Person10, Person15 and Person15 are working on getting translations out of the auditing websites.The project was started when the EU still existed.
Irish is equally important as other languages.
The next person who finishes the overview of the audible SLT test set is [PERSON7] who is now finishing supervision and managing the annotators for the [PROJECT1] test set.PERSON4 has just answered and they have also provided some feedback.
Organizing2 has been working on this retranslation approach for the past years.
The users prefer a delay.
The organization has been playing with this simulator ASR and wants to improve the stability.
The project is in the middle of the project.
It's not a priority to do retranslations at the end, but it's a good idea to do it as soon as possible.
If the ASR waits to the end of the sentence before sending his hypothesis, it will injectThe quality of translation support is getting better.
The models previously based on transformers are finally in direct translator.
There is no internal SLT.
In end-to-end ASR there is only complete sentences admitted.PERSON1, PERSON6 and PERSON2 are trying to run GPT tool to predict the tail of the sentence.
It doesn't work very well.
The demo should be on 14th May 17th the sooner the better.
Organizing4 should supervise the organization of the demo.
The deadline for the demo is the 8th May 11th.
(PERSON13) and (PERSON6) discuss how to present the demo to the project officer.
The demo should demo both the representation and the sub-representation with subtitles.
The text should be in three parts: translation, transcription and translation.(PERSON1) and (PERSON6) didn't understand the source language of the TEDx talk.
PERSON6, PERSON9, PERSON13, PERSON16 and PERSON4 are going to meet next week to prepare a demo for the day.