It should be this week and I think no matter whether from here or [LOCATION4] because we will anyway here <unintelligible>.
Yeah, I think we can -
(PERSON4) Yeah, I -
Yeah, it, it can be, it can be done on Monday or -
(PERSON4) It is -
I, I can write it but it, the, the book is really not finished yet.
Yeah, only maybe, maybe in, in chapter 6 we should, we should change some of the sections -
(PERSON4) So, yeah, we still donít know whether to restructure it somewhere to have only one chapter -
So, in like, I donít know, in the next -, at the end of this week.
(PERSON4) So I would like you to focus everybody to only on the book b-, because then, then in a, in July I suppose will be many holidays or I donít know.
At least I will be, I will not be here in the first and the third week of July.
I plan to be here at least till the fifteenth for sure because then the, thatís the, the, the, the, the, the Black box deadline.
So, I, I -
So, um -
So, this can be, um, discussed in the, in the middle of the July.
Um, we will not make it so, um.
But I, I think that it can be postponed, um, like the, the -
Maybe it can but I, I,I donít like to like postpone it much because anyway if we postpone it we will not write so -
(PERSON4) Yeah, but anyway I think we will -
Um, [PERSON1] send me the, um, the visualisations of the [PROJECT2] metrices and types for the [PROJECT2] and I, I also know that if I, if -
So now I, Iím, I, I donít know whether to, hm.
(PERSON4) So I, I, um, I donít know whether to, um, how to, how to write about it in a, in the text because I know that they are, um, very different.
(PERSON4) Yeah, but I -
Yeah, I would like to, um, so I, maybe I will, I will go through my chapter and go, um, say what is needed to be, to be -
Right, the contents are there almost but it must be rewritten and I donít know what, um, how much details to give there because I have some tables there but they maybe, maybe they are not needed.
It is -
Yeah, maybe it, it, itís better -
So and I donít know how much content is still missing for the other chapters but, um, I think for my chapter itís now twenty pages long and I think it will have maybe a bit more but not much.
Anyway during working on this I, I came to the conclusion that this chapter really, the, the old idea of having a story is not really doable for me because I donít know that much of the history and I would have to spend another half a year reading things.
Also, that can be like the one of the contributions of this book that I will -
So, I think if we are to speak about these models which I donít think we have to because they are so recent then we can just -
So thatís, Iím the - the, the, the, the -
And then like lot of the visualisation that I want to do are missing and thatís why I want to talk about the data and what data should I do the visualisations on but I think it will be better to let that discussion to Slack.
So, the -
Yeah, I think I'm missing still some of the key, um, papers that find syntax in there.
(PERSON6) Yeah, this is the -
Yeah, um, so I think this should be like maybe two pages, now itís one paragraph.
And, um, then, yeah, there is some list of papers that I want to cover, and I have not covered yet, um, mostly.
(PERSON6) But, um, yeah.
We want to cover itís somehow, somewhere and I really havenít written anything about it and I donít even know if it should fit into this chapter or if it should be a separate chapter and I donít know what we actually want to write about it.
(PERSON3) The [PROJECT4].
So, um...
(PERSON4) And, yeah.
(PERSON1) Yeah and itís also there, I donít know if <unintelligible> accept like this kind of -
So that, yeah.
(PERSON4) Yeah, maybe I can, I can, I can share it, I have it here.
(PERSON1) Encoders so there are quite not, not that good to, to have the, um, have the, these part speech encoded in them like mostly because, um, the, the task is very simple just to translate from lan-, one language to the same language so it <unintelligible>.
(PERSON1) So, um, yeah, so, um -
I, I would like to have, to have it there, yeah.
Yeah, so that is, theyíre for, for, yeah, my attention <unintelligible> is that they are really different.
