PERSON7 will join the meeting in about 20 minutes.
He will share a video with the rest of the group.
He sent a TDID for keyboard extractor in the minute, but it was not good enough for the dry run.
He has written some TDID based on keywords extractThe summarization of the meeting data gives horrible results.
It gives sentences which are not relevant, because the meetings are not organised and they are not played.
The deadline is January 15 and the submission deadline is February 15, so if they say January 15 by February 15 they should know ifSick dial special session is an integral part of the program.
The paper submission deadline for the shared task paper is around the same time as the deadline for interspeech.
The participants of the special session will be invited by the program committee of sick dial.
In the past empty marathons used to have this system or tool papers that were published as a special issue [PROJECT11] that was in the first year when that happened.
In the later years it was integrated with normal issues.
Now it's only for the next issue.Sick dial 2021 is already in June.
The deadline for papers for special session papers would be March.(O) and (PERSON27) agree that there should be more work for the invited speakers at a live event.
(A) disagrees.
(T) agrees with them.
(O) has done empty marathons and has a lot of experience with that.
(PThe papers appearing in sick dial and in PROJECT11 are okay.
But if they want to create their separate proceedings, they need to go through the sick dial submission deadline.
For interspeech, they have to submit their papers by the interspeech deadline.
If they manage to do itIn the overview paper for the shared task, we are citing the interspeech paper and not the [PROJECT11] paper in the proceedings.
The deadline for the interseech paper is March 15th.
If someone is working on it for years, he will have the deadline forThe institutional member package costs 240 euros for one year, whereas the student package costs 20 euros.
For a full member regular rate is 60 euros, for a student member one year is 20 euros, and for institutional member it's 240 euros.
There is a discount at the interspeech conferenceT and O are preparing a proposal for interspeech conference.
They need to set up the scientific committee, prepare the website and call for papers on the website.