And [PERSON6]is not going to join us today, so, other than that we are ready to start, I think.
There will be call on Thursday, you probably received the email from [PERSON7] already.
Uh, but I don't think it's completely necessary.
It might be good for [PERSON4] to get more insight into the project itself, I guess, but again it's –
So, so, this is a call we have usually every month with the, uh, other project partners.
(PERSON9) That's the good thing to check, because, uh, otherwise we, we should add you to the maidli– mailing list at least.
(PERSON9) You should rather look at that it's quite possible that you're not in the mailing list or, uh, yet.
Basically, the moment the travel restrictions are, uh, going d– go down.
We w– we would really like you to come visit us at least for, I don't know, for some limited time.
Yeah (really) busy with other things and it's on headphones so, I d– don't hear (about this).
And, uh, it would be better for us and better for the project if you decided to take it as an opportunity and not as a, as a negative must.
You, you will have to come, uh, for the paperwork and then you can possibly return and, and work remotely.
(PERSON9) I think we will keep you updated, uh, (when) we will <unintelligible> –
Yeah but I, I was still – didn't receive the, the letter from, from you.
(PERSON6) That is a paper that has to be shown to the [ORGANIZATION3] when you are applying for the visa.
(PERSON6) If you please start checking, what would be the process for you to apply for, uh, for visa.
I, I think that you at the moment, you cannot apply simply because the [ORGANIZATION3] is closed.
(PERSON6) We will also, occasionally check for you and as soon as you can apply for visa, then please go for it.
And you will get the full support from the university, the, uh, to show them papers they need and, and so on.
I, uh, nudged, uhm, [PERSON5] that he should do something and then, yeah, he, he starts to or like finish testing it and thanks to [PERSON1] for resolving all the issues that, that like [PERSON5] came across.
And then I replied to him, I mean to, to [PERSON5], on Friday and I have no messages from [PERSON5] since last Thursday.
The thing that the communication is not completely perfect and, uh.
(PERSON2) Like it i– like it is fine, but, uh, yeah, uhm.
(PERSON2) There is also, some objective problem with the quality estimation or I, I don't know maybe.
So, hopefully next year we will publish a paper.
They are just minus one hundred priorities, you can skip them, if you, if you need.
(PERSON2) Yeah, but, uh, every job takes two hours, so –
(PERSON2) Yeah, we have to like in this week, I have to, uh, discuss things with [PERSON8], what should we do next.
Oh yeah, we already discussed right that you're, you're, you're s– still catching up with the state of the art.
And if I understood correctly, they were basically training a model to do the, uh, evaluation, right?
(PERSON9) So, even if the method tells, uh, the score or the performance is low, it might not be actually true.
(PERSON9) And it, it seems that it ma– might be useful that the, the approach they, they take there in in the paper, so, so, definitely good thing to keep that in mind.
The, the problem is that if, uh, the decoder generates a sentence that is, uh, has the same meaning, but different words, maybe we have a problem trying to use just (blue), right?
(PERSON9) Like the argument is that the [PROJECT1]is actually creating semantically rich representations, right?
I think if we, if we sort of maybe take the pretrain model and, and fine–tune it during training it might be actually useful for, for this kind of distinguishing.
Like, right, uh, I guess with paraphrasing or if we use it for example for paraphrasing, we might use the metric to, uh, estimate the sim– sim– simil– like semantic similarity, but still have the constraints to enforce some, some like surc– surface form.
Like that's, that's, that's the thing that comes to my mind, but, uh, again, I also, need to look into it in more, in more detail.
(PERSON2) Uh, maybe just like my stupid question, why do we need this eva– new evaluation for MT?
And the thing is that we want to kinda guarantee a semantic similarity, right, which BLEU doesn't capture, because it's just using the surface forms during evaluation.
And this blurred metric can be used to guarantee that the, the, the paraphrase or the alternative sentence does not straight– stray away from the original meaning too far, right?
We check the point where it changes, where it starts making no sense.
(PERSON9) Yeah, this is –  this definitely sounds interesting, because again, I think that the papers that do focus on the constraint decoding, they, they really don't evaluate it from this perspective, right?
And maybe later when we are ready to publish the paper, we should definitely still, uh, generate some subset –
Uhm, I'm not sure, do you want to have a longer meeting this week t– about the [PROJECT5], like?
(PERSON4) I don't think it's necessary, at least, uh, y– it would be today, right?
We can still discuss the matter after the meeting, uh.
And, uh, I'll, I'll try to ask [PERSON6]and we, we should, we should try to have a, a meeting for the task next week together with him.
We'll, We'll see, we will see how much time it will take, depending on the, on the, on the time consumption, we can then, uh, shift to, uh, additional or another, another research direction.
I'm sort of really bad in English today.
But yeah, we can, we can wrap it up, and I guess see you, see you next week, right?
