And you?
But, but - <laugh>
So it was -.
(PERSON5) Yes, but if you are in the city then you have to somehow get to the forest, so -.
And that's it for that.
(PERSON6) So -.
(PERSON15) Okay, I would be happy to do the review <unintelligible>.
So -.
(PERSON5) Well, I think I could I could -.
(PERSON5) I'm -
(PERSON5) I don't have it.
It is.
(PERSON6) Yeah, exactly, that's that's what [PERSON2] can has always said I also believe in selforganization.<laugh>
(PERSON5) And and <unintelligible>
(PERSON6) So that should be the end of the review, kind of, right?
So -.
So -.
So, that will be -.
So please pick up on that, and hopefully will not be like too confused from the layout of the of that test set and also that you would not disagree too much with the ambition that I have there.
So if the if you want test sets are not part of this yet and I think they should be.
So that is it is.
Uh, you you for those who like a clever (fine graph) so that you list all the files, and check that you have all the languages that you want.
(PERSON6) So it's -.
Okay, yeah, um, whether he was not all test set from [PERSON12].
(PERSON6) So -.
But I can imagine then in the next year, we would maybe even try running the model, so that this is a this is hard to run the models.
And yahoo it's not a problem and <unintelligible>, I would prefer just send the sour- eh the lock file we have to do, because with the something in translation task and probably the SLT and I was not able do that.
(PERSON6) Yes, this is exactly what we did for these for desirability to tasks it.
And the the the only thing that the one can say to this is the this at least affects everybody the same way.
So.
This is that.
And this is this is what we really should do.
(PERSON15) Yeah, we got, ehm, what was it?
But yeah.
(PERSON6) Yes, with this is that the finishes, the set of feel free to step in, and whatever you can do for [PERSON10] that will help us then the next person when [PERSON10] is still not like woken up is [PERSON7] who is now finishing the overview of the audible SLT test set.
And he will be moving to to to these like supervision and managing the the annotators for the [PROJECT1] test set if if [PERSON10] doesn't start really.
(PERSON6) Yeah, it is a it is a trade off.
So.
I think that in the long term I would like this to be evaluated on humans towards the end of the project we we we would really have like user study that would be great to to see which, and I think there will be people of different groups.
I mean, yeah, <unintelligible> it's whether we see it as a priority or not.
So we're now in the, in which of the project, it's where in the middle of the project, right.
So this is, I think the the problem with the integration of the ASR and MT will remain even once the uh, the new generation of the ASR models is is there.
And sometimes you can because you know the -.
So this is -.
It's like, the ASR so bad that that the prediction is like totally off, and so far it doesn't work at all, but but we are trying this guessing.
But I think we should -.
(PERSON16) I mean it's important it's not a <unintelligible>.
And and a question is, what should be the material that we are that we are subtitling.
And in that case, that's the paragraph you, which we can include in the demo as well.
And that would be towards the end of the the next week, we should be ready for that.
