if we agree on the functions that should there you in the next week.
So I think that the first prototype should be ideally ready, uh, on the 7th of June, like the first very first shot with with box and all of that.
(PERSON1) Yeah, that's where the big question mark so at the moment, that's what I'm not so sure.
One reason is that we don't have the time to to fix the cashing client,
But the main reason is the cashing client makes the latency too big for the final users.
So what we really want to have is ehm to translation of incomplete sentences for the user experience.
This is where the segmentation worker has decided to to end the sentence, right?
If you want to see right ASR output I'm not sure if <unintelligible> you will have to request the unsegmented text.
but then we need to create the segmenters for all the ASR languages.
(PERSON4) Yeah, so and the output, if you look at the individual segmen-,
But still the ASR worker decides to fix word before this end of the sentence is that possible?
But the ASR signals is explicitly, but come a time when the when the sentences markets final
and this is this is the output that we get that we got at the last conference,
and we just need to make sure that the the transform model handle that well.
(PERSON2) Um <unintelligible> for one thing it's also possible that if it is (I'm it knew hypothesis, the segmentation as we run output segmentation might be different.
The other possibility is that maybe if ASR only changes one word for the fact that my <unintelligible> one word.
and I think that's that's a problem that has to be solve very soon is that (the herd) zero.
I think that this is something that [ORGANIZATION1] needs to investigate and and improve the the segmentation worker so that it emits the timestamps
we do not know the the timestamps for the individual parts like here internet full stop.
the thing that the thing that we have to do is first.
the baseline would be indeed to follow the segmentation coming from the segmentation worker,
and then the final experience of the the user experience the of translation would not be good,
because the statistics of on the internet will translate only the later part of of sentence.
and the risk of false information for for the most part I think the empty worker does do these things
So all the the change  together, were <unintelligible> this part and <unintelligible>
And it will have only the baseline that I just described for the workshop.
and and make sure to try to look up of this thing in the existing code, uh, in the <unintelligible>  ticket.
I think that [PERSON1] we should try to train the models to be ready to accept like partial sentences,
but that that is also really depended obviously on the on the ASR for Czech.
And and we are testing it in the in the dry runs.
If it is the model is is the domin indepedant enough that that will be sufficient.
we will have to discuss the technical details like where to put the files and all that we're surely collecting the files.
And will try to do fine tuning of the machine translation models based on <unintelligible> that that we can get based on the mono- monolingual include files.
Okay, so this is to give you the the whole picture.
(PERSON4) So is there anything about the connector to the the main client to say?
(PERSON5) I don't think so just- there will be another <unintelligible> I changed <unintelligible> the whole structure and we will continue deployment there.
that's good, because the the student I have for this is not delivering anything.
and then I would indeed ehm rely on the [ORGANIZATION3]  platform to do to do the pipoting.
that this empty system works and emits outputs in such way that the the subsequent English to something,
I don't think that the the the <unintelligible> that should work,
(PERSON4) And English to anything machine translation and the presentation platform at the end.
and we try and on the output from ASR with- with errors against the original targets.
And then we can use this segmentation with uh the paralel data to change the paralel data,
so that are segmentation mimics what the what the segmentation workers is doing,
and this would be the uh, the data for fine tuning the empty systems.
whether we were able to uh, to proceed to to process that docks with [ORGANIZATION1] with the existing workers or whether we failed,
So we would like to as the users at the end of the client,
and the workers should themselves or the the the party, who is providing the workers should should be able to test individual workers.
(PERSON2) I would like to press some of the ASR clients or the <unintelligible> are not working.
(PERSON2) Interesting is also is the the usual problem that the the person <unintelligible>  the worker is not free dubt <unintelligible> as mark is busy in which case you couldn't even start new session,
