there will be call on thursday, you probably, uh, that is going to join us today, but i don't think it's necessary.
it might be good for [ [ person ] to get more insight into the project itself, but again it ’ s not entirely necessary." it's quite possible that you're not in the mailing list or, uh, it might be about 1 p.
m.
time, " says person9.
" i'm not sure, what it is called...
but it ’ s, " said person99." i'm not sure how, uh, it would be handled...
as a, as a., as such, as they had to close both of their eyes, " said person6.
" the way they employed you, uh.
that.
actually comes from the personal department, " he said.uh, uh, it would be better for us and better for the project if you decided to take it as an opportunity and not as a, as as a negative must.
uh, but this is negotiable, uh - uh, if you decide to, to stay here in person, and then work remotely.the indian organization3 is still closed, isn't it the same as the organization3.
the organization has other people who are trying to come here and they want to come, but that's not the case.
" i think that you at the moment, you cannot apply for visa, " says person6.the university of utah is still waiting for the full support of its students.
" i think that's care of the organization4, " says person5.
" we're still waiting to see if they started it or not, " said person5's co - founder.
" the same situation, " he said.the problem is that, uh, we can't hear people now, so we should ask ( person2 ) to give out to participants and that's it.
( person1 ) raises issues, new and new issues...
( ( person5 ) ).
( [ person2 ] is a person2, but it's better? ( person3 ) )if you're going to write a paper, it's fine, so hopefully next year we'll publish a paper.
but they are a low priority, so you can skip them, so, if you need, they're already running, they are already running.
" they are just minus one hundred priorities, " says one person.like uh, is there any issue, something that needs to be discussed? " it's, uh, what should we do next? " " we have to discuss things with [ [ person ]8 ], " says person9.
" we already discussed right that you're, you ’ re, still catching up with the state of the art "the problem is that if, uh, the score or performance is low, it might not be true.
if, the decoder generates a sentence that is, uh - has the same meaning, but different words, like uh, have same meaning.
the idea is that it might be implemented into the pipeline somehow, or something else.if we use paraphrasing, we might use the metric to, uh, estimate the sim - simil like semantic similarity, but still have the constraints to enforce some, some like surc, which doesn't capture, because it's just using the surface forms during evaluation.the blurred metric can be used to guarantee that the, the paraphrase or the alternative sentence does not stray away from the original meaning too far, right? ( person2 ) ) ( person9 ) ( ( person4 ) )...
( person 2 ) ), (..
) ( and ( (.
) ) : ( ( people ), and see ho – how many can we add until we lose the meaning completely, so we should still, uh, what else? 'we can talk, talk about it, or consider it later.
but we can still discuss the matter after the meeting, uh, it's up to you.
if you don't have a'anything to discuss ', then we should try to leave it at'leave it b 'we can, uh, wrap it up, and i guess see how, how this develops.
we can then shift to another research direction, or else, another, research direction.
this might be a good, but it's not a good idea.
we'll see how much time will take, depending on the time consumption, and how it will take.