(PERSON1) Yeah, yeah, so good to- good to see you again, even, yes, (you're) now moving as well.
Yeah, uh.
So we should really, uh, like, even if it was for a short time, I think it's- it's very important that you uh- that you actually do come to do the paperwork, which cannot be done remotely.
He- he's doing it in a short period of time, like by his decision, but I- I- I support uh that, and uh the- uh the goal of the thesis is to develop the tool, uh which will help the annotations, uh but it's not to carry out the annotations, and not to like polish the data uh an- and uh like uh, manage the- the process uh of uh, de-identification.
So we can only benefit in the way, that, his tool can be tweaked as- as we would like it to be, we can ask him for features, he will probably include these features and, and uh that would save our processes, then, but he is uh not going to uh- to handle our data, because that would be- like uh I'm- I'm not paying him on the project and, he is already being payed from, a company who also wants, uh, who also want this tool, uh so, uh I- I don't think it would be a- a good idea, if we employed him on the project, because he uh would be effectively, uh, he wouldn't have the time, effectively.
So, uh, we are really short of a person, who would do uh, the thing that [PERSON4] was- uh- uh- was, that I was hoping that [PERSON4] would do.
And that's the uh, preparation of the uh, files for annotators and then, the insertion of the annotations into the data set, and then, um like polishing, uh c- cleaning up the- the data, so that it is all valid XML and- and all that, and doing the annotation preparation and annotation injection, uh or insertion, uh at the type level, as well as the token level, and then the final removal of the original content so that uh, we have um, only the placeholders there and no longer the- the named entities.
So this is what we need, and, um, like- the- you can s- spend the rest of the- the call talking about the, the procedure that we discussed yesterday, uh but I- I don't think there's any- any new input from me at this point.
So what I can do is, uh I can try uh, reaching out to, one uh, like, CS student uh, who is also remote and busy, that would be also difficult, and I can try to reach out to another faculty, where they also have uh, like student works uh and, maybe- maybe they would have someone available for- uh for this exercise.
So that's, uh, that's the only thing that I can, uh, like think of uh.
Is that it?
So what we need to do is to, put this annotation into all the files, uh at the appropriate places and then we need to do the second round, which will be the same thing at the token level.
That is, okay.
So we have to- the XML has to be absolutely clear, uh- in uh, the information, whether someone has looked at this or not, uh whether it has been processed at the type level, at the token level, or perhaps we will have some uh, other- other levels as well, uh as we- as we browse through the data it- it is possible that, for example, the- the (months), will be also like a special, uh level there.
And uh, it is not to- uh, like, if- I said yesterday- like, if I was the person to do this, uh then I would spend a, a week uh like, 40 hours uh working on this and I think it's- it's doable in those 40 hours, if you are er- skilled, (VI) user and pro- programmer, um.
But, I don't have this week, so we need to do it, uh uh, with other uh, people.
And uh, then we are at the problem, that you are, [PERSON4], s- skilled in- in these processing tools, but you don't have the time capacity, and the annotators, uh don't have the programming skills, uh, so they cannot automate their work.
Uh, so that's the- that's the problem that we are uh really facing.
So they will bold whatever is a named entity and they would, uh italicise uh, what is not, and they would uh, for example, get the page or the- the document as HTML, uh where the things to annotate would be, uh highlighted in- in yellow.
So this is quick uh, to do, and uh, then someone would uh, again have to, uh take these, uh saved files back, and uh re-insert the annotation into, nice uh, XML, uh.
So the annotators would open that, uh they- they could report, uh, unexpected problems with the, uh with the light yellow uh, areas, and they would always uh like- select by double clicking the words and, um, uh, um, and bold face uh, for yes, and italicise for no, uh the individual, uh, ah, uh- s- named entity occurrences.
(PERSON1) Yes, so did I, so uh, uh-
(PERSON4) So if, if you could find someone else, uh that would be great, but in case no one is available, I will do that, maybe slower, but, I can <unintelligible>.
Uh, uh while you're here, let's discuss, uh the markup, and then I'll try to find another person as well, uh if I find, uh, then, uh like you- you- you wouldn't have to do it if uh, if I won't, then, but it's still up- up to you, or, [PERSON3] at the la- as the last resort, but he is pretty busy with the, preparation of the workshop itself, so, that's also- like uh, that would be increasing the risk.
(PERSON2) M-hm, yeah, yeah, yeah, okay.
Uh, so.
So NE, uh then the questions whether we uh want to have the type as well, that would be, uh, um yeah.
Uh.
Uh, and that would be, uh this is a uh, sentence with, [PERSON6]'s name.
And then this would be, uh, the shining uh yellow and what they would do, and maybe this we could make this red so that they could also, uh, so that they would like uh have a visual, a clear, visual way.
So if the, is it best for you that you really would individually send them the files, and tell them, open this in Microsoft Word, and do the bold facing and italicisation, uh of all the-
(PERSON1) Yes, that's right, yeah so that would- we would have to like, Google Docs obviously they have the permissions uh system, so we could somehow like divide it and, and like make it accessible only to specific people, and so on.
But, uh, it's- I'll leave up to you what is- what is easier for you, if you are used, uh and if people are used for this uploading of documents, uh then perhaps that is, uh that is the easiest option.
So this is also, like this is the suspected entity, and uh, um, now the question is how do we, uh say that we do not think that our type based annotation, does not indicate that this is a named entity, so, uh-
And uh, uh, please do a test- uh test document, uh, so that, uh well, [PERSON4] will prepare it uh and [PERSON2] will do the bolding, and, uh and [PERSON4] will try to get the information back, right?
And, uh [PERSON3], I agree with you that we uh, have to go for the Scientific Committee, uh so, we'll do a challenge, with the Scientific Committee, so we now need the web page to be completed, so that we can uh put that into that email and ask the people, right?
(PERSON1) Yes, it is there?
(PERSON4) Okay, guys, may I ask you something, mhm?
(PERSON3) So, yeah, uh, so [PERSON4], so uh, it would be really great that if we can also, <unintelligible> quickly prepare a demo of the, like just- just one document and see how it looks like, uh for the an- for the annotators.
Okay, so, uh, so uh, [PERSON4], um, like, where do you think for the, like, maybe the first, uh, sample uh should be ready, like when we should look for that?
Would that be okay with you?
Because I really uh, want to see the sample, so that I can also like uh help you, in some, in some respect, so that it- it uh, we can do it very quickly.
Uh.
No, this is not the one.
It's okay.
Yeah, but we already have it, actually.
Mhm, yes, I see that.
(PERSON3) <laugh> Yeah, it's okay.
And, uh, another thing is, like uh, I will now, like [PERSON1] has some (suggestion) on the website, so, I will make it quickly and send it to him, so that he can send it to the Scientific Commu- Committee, uh, very quickly.
(PERSON3) Yeah, yeah, but it's absolutely, but uh I- I'm just worried that if the situation is not good and, hope everything is okay with her, so, yeah.
