the lecture was live on project2 ( organization4 ) ( organization 4 ) it was live streaming.
the lecture has already < unintelligible...
( ( group4 ) probably would not want to connect anyway,'said person5.'we can discuss separately who what has done what,'he said.the audible cell ties submition we do want to run the ( byplan ) and for both, then submit the locks after the segmenter obviously.
" i'm still wondering, " says person 15 - year - old person15.
" it should happen review the scripts, not to test them "the 4 files we don't need are antrecorp, and the longers chunks of supreme audit institutions are.
the more important part is the most important part, the more.
we should not look at this yourself...
and not look a true transcripts,'says one of the hardest things.if you know where antrecorp is, then it will make sense.
you know what the problems are and what the so - called'unintelligible'academy is like complementary evaluated.
you can also have a look at the excel sheet and sell it to sell see 5.you can't look at these transcripts...
and process the file switch are already called belgian, spanish or mainly polish.
you should simply - - not look at those transcripts, or just language or nation names.
you need to be a participant of audible slt, these are people's transcripts 'we don't have [ person ]10 here on the call...
it's up to date, and then we have test set, and thats it.
so this one goes here, and we have a test set and both have - - both are in the repositor, which you don't have acces to.antrecorp is a nonintelligible service that doesn't need to have it versioned.
it's not to important where you process the files you are processing here.
if you want to create the support director in a not - to - mention academy, you can put the paths here.the antrecorp test directories have been working together since the start of the year.
the test is based on a series of tests that are available to pre - order.
the ost files with the test are clean all audible cell ties.
it's not the first time that you have to change the line inside the line.if you've started pushing anything into the new repository for the project2 test set, you'll have to leave already on the call, we have [ person1 ] and [ person15 ] to the path for these files.
( person1 ) ( ( person9 ), your real one with whom it work so far ), and...
you're still on the line.it's a deadline for emt to be on the audible slt test set and depth set for the slt data set sheet sheet sheet.
the sheet contains a small, small, they are already small, yeah, and the ass files are the subtitles for previews.the wav files should be from the 16 kilohertz wav file files.
they should also use the names of person8, or austrian and dutch.
the files should use the new names, not dutch, but dutch.
this is the ideal example for this to work.if it's possible i can do everything tomorrow, okay, so i'll do it tomorrow.
i need to run already...
and i think we should rehandle the doodle poll.
i'm writing, and so, yes, please all of you who are here to help me.the caraoke user was forwarded the e - mails of how she process these.
she said :'i didn't know what level timestamps...
i completely miss that'' i completely missed that,'says the user.'i totally miss that.
i'm completely missing that 'i can make a python script and i can write it for all the scripts.
this is the today i'm coming this < unintelligible...
it's still plenty of time,'i said.'i don't have to do anything with audible slt,'said me.this week work was very slow because of some other reason, so - i think i can leave.
i will clean everything tomorrow...
and i will give you the pass for all files, okay, so i can make myself the json file, yes, i'm checking the antrecorp test which is an 17 and 18 and 18.antrecorp says you can check if you need a script you can tell you about it after okay in two hours.
tell me what exactly the files and what you need to know.
if you want a script to be written for it, you can create this script for it.