There is nothing that I would know about that we need to discuss uh, like in in in a very big detail,ehm.
Ehm after we have have had the call on Monday, what is the proposed development schedule.
So this Python based <unintelligible> which would I do preproccessing and he can handly many, yeah, not so well the logic, where need to be dealing with partial sentences, but -
(PERSON11)  with partial sentences and then will forward the requester onto the [PROJECT2] server yourself.
So a very basic Python based, so to do the preprocessing and received request so yet - for translations forward <unintelligible> and post him back.
Did you call some translation system simply by pipe as well?
So I think that next week for example, you should know whether this proof of concept worked, or what do you have running to any issues.
Uh, assuming that the [PROJECT2] model would be trained to work reasonably well.
So this is something that needs to be carefully checked, because timestamps will be later on important for the presentation platform.
and [PERSON7]'s guess uh is that the <unintelligible> worker should work well with timestamps and totaly hide them from the (Python) and [PROJECT2].
So I think that to- like the timestamps should not go to the (Python) server at all,
and the the limitation with this approach is that we can handle only like one single timestamp at the beginning and would be the end of the segment.
So the only timestamps that we have are the beginnig and end of the sentence or <unintelligible>.
And think how if if these two timestamps and string comparison are sufficient for the presentation.
And that the basic unit that you send to the presentation platform is called a textfield content.
And then at some point somehow there will be made a decision that let's move on to the next textfield.
And at that point the presentation platform would like scroll it up, and it would again start displaying whatever comes as as full textfield.
So hm it wil update the text <unintelligible> incoming messages.
(PERSON7) But the the scrolling the history of previous texts fields would that be supported?
A new message is a new subtitle to be displayed and it can subtitute the biggest one or update the let's say the button of the textfield in order to let <unintelligible>.
so in other words yes part of the message that the presentation of platform is receiving is an indicator, whether this is an update.
I think we need to discuss this again a <laugh> fresh call.
I think that we'll arrive at the solution where the timestamp of the beginning would be the critical information.
And as long as the timestamp is the same, the field should be replaced with with the new content.
And if the timestamp is higher than the current the last text field should be like move to the history and and closed.
I think the the starting timestamp would be the critical uhm point.
And that was the development schedule for the presentation platform after we have discuss it on Monday.
(PERSON10) Last time I discuss about it the first prototype presentable should be at the 15th of June.
I know it's realy uhm <laugh> close to our deadline, but this is the only information I have that <unintelligible>.
We have decided not to use the [ORGANIZATION3] platform today, because we are still checking some of the recording qualities.
So they are able to connect to the [ORGANIZATION2] platform and then the whole chat window is flooded with the messages not enough workers available.
This part of the call to switch to the [ORGANIZATION3] platform, at least with some of us those who are interested,
But since you are able to provide sixteen workers, and it is not too big burden for you, right?
(Ty) Now I think we need to sets worker with-
So in in the long-term, it would be useful to have this image spread out for the various reasons that you mentioned, for the uh workshop itself we should be good.
So it's the priority of this image is not- uh not high.
So ask [PERSON3] agrees that backup sides of ASR workers is very-
Hopefully we will learn where when we will be getting the files for domain adaptation and so on.
I know that in the call yesterday, with [ORGANIZATION3] the workers worked at the beginning.
I didn't attend the yesterday meeting, but the bug that I mentioning is that sometimes the work, one worker can handle several sessions, but then it's, but then it stocks and it doesn't return any output.
it's very important [PERSON1] that you create a script that will like replicate it this bug.
So use as input fingerprint and keep like loading importer or keep requesting ASR from one copy.
So, so this script is should be like a stress test, and you can put it to the cruise control repository.
And then mo- most importantly you need to run it and figure out where the problem is and then the bucket, but-
(PERSON7) And a single worker and ehm stress test it yeah.
That this point the production client is different from the simple one only by a by-
I change only the default parameters and comment send documentations, and I removed to Windows version.
That we don't need to support Windows version of the client.
and if there is more people who though problem, please put it in the in the document here, and we will find a slightly different hour.
Okay, so, I think it's still too early to solid final lists are in the MT models.
