(O) Yeah, sorry, for the delay and sorry for the complications.
And thanks to all who joined, um, so to explain to especially Umar and Rishu who didn´t -
And maybe Peter, eh, who didn´t have the experience with these calls last eh s- summer.
Because you could be always identified by your background.
Eh, we should be as prepared as we would be for the main EUROSAI Congress.
(M) I have -
So, I have been thinking that that well -
Eh, so so so at first, I tried eh, actually filtering eh, so- some some other data sets that already exists.
Such as -
Such as common crawl and so on.
(M) Actually -
(O) They release some data.
But we have Ebrahim Ansari here eh, and he is overseeing the development of the SLTF.
We can run SLTEV on data and see the result and eh, you know, make the final agreement if you want to do some minor changes.
So Sangeet can help with that eh, to -
So Rishu and Sangeet to evaluate all the workers that are in the ELITR pipeline.
So please, everybody get in touch with Ebrahim directly, and get it s-
Like eh, like find a way in which this tool will work for all of you.
Eh and the mhm eh, so -
Now we´re doing this like stress test within the consortium.
But if any of your, uh, evaluations would uh, would be like more interesting than we could switch to this other use case, so that´s -
In any case this is a a big request from me.
But this is exactly what we want to go through.
But only with the files inside the ELITR test set.
It´s the same way -
(O) It´s a same way as Sacre Bleu.
But whenever you have time, I prefer to talk with you around half an hour to an hour to finalize it.
But eh, eh, the censorship component is something which we want to have as a one part of the pipeline after the ASR.
When when it didn´ t see anything bad, but there was something bad.
So then is the uh, the second next lost person? How many GPUs can you run at one, at once? And then we can combine it with with English- Czech, which is already high quality from WMT.
So it is kind of I don´t know whether it´s strictly -
(O) The data augmentation.
(R) Yes then we can experiment with this on small models and small GPUs at first, and then -
(On) Yes.
So I´m using first alignment and ehm, eeh, what I what I´m want to do is to to chop the the utterences and recreate new sentences using eh using using the words itself.
So it has eeh -
From my point of view it has eeh, few few at- eh, few few eh <cough>
Eeh, few things that can improve the eh, improve the the robustness of the ASR.
Then there´s eight percent England English, five percent India and South Asia accent, four percent Australian English, three percent Canadian, two percent Scottish.
(P) Hm, well I should be I should start to work on multi-lingual ASR, but eeh, this this -
Because I I´m still at home and I eh, do not have much time to work.
So I need just eh, use the same data for Kaldi <unintelligible> evaluations.
(U) So I'm leaving a message for you on <unintelligible>
(P) Well, if it´s okay for you I I´m not -
I rather use mail.