(PERSON5) Well, the rules changed here and since this Monday we can't go out even if it is not like the most necessary groceries or stuff like this, and -.
So I think that the the two point one, the initial ASR systems [ORGANIZATION6] is not providing in ASR system.
So the previous milestones of talk to [PERSON4] in the e-mail that you seen that of the milestones claiming that we have all the complete set up for [ORGANIZATION7] Congress, which technically we have.
So it is, I think the the main responsible for this deliverable is [ORGANIZATION6], right?
So please pick up on that, and hopefully will not be like too confused from the layout of the of that test set and also that you would not disagree too much with the ambition that I have there.
And the layout for for those who are not following these details these the layout of the test sets is that -.
So, it is and kind of assorted collection of documents in terms of languages, and like modality the speech, or or the text.
(PERSON1) So wa- was the August the August just the (low) deliverable of the year 2 test set, is that right?
It would check the number of lines, the the length of the non emptiness, and everything all the format things.
Uh, you you for those who like a clever (fine graph) so that you list all the files, and check that you have all the languages that you want.
And that should be stored there as a fixed file list, so then in order to evaluate with the test set you would say I'm for the evaluation I use this particular version of my model, whatever, and I use this commit ID of [PROJECT1] test set with this file list.
(PERSON6) So this is this defines just the data and not the evaluation metric and that's a separatelly.
(PERSON6) So that would be a nice extension of sacrebleu, so that we could like add like FLAC to sacrebleu [PROJECT1] test set and then the the file list name uh, and it would do automatical downloaded and it would put the commit ID the current commit ID into the fingerprint.
(PERSON6) And so so the I think it would be better to kind of avoid forks, because then the versioning is is confused.
So the the file list, and uh, that there should be only 3 at most 3 file lists that are interesting for the general public.
So for the evaluation it's for the tool, we're still working on the SLTF, which is a private repository and you can see it, but it will be public wants finally finalize it.
And in our case, we actually all we said that the primary evaluation will be the translation quality, and the ASR and translation quality regardless the delaying.
But I can imagine then in the next year, we would maybe even try running the model, so that this is a this is hard to run the models.
And yahoo it's not a problem and <unintelligible>, I would prefer just send the sour- eh the lock file we have to do, because with the something in translation task and probably the SLT and I was not able do that.
So we try to be very clear about like this is the time when the the award was starting to be authored.
Eh, so so the so the the one people misinterpret it then someone's results can be like shifted in bad ways.
So these measures will be always on the reliable, the only way to to do the comparison really fairly is to run the models or a serve the model.
So that people with really live, receive the the sound, and they would like in in in (actual) networks sockets provide the the outputs.
The the extra thing that I wanted to mention is that the forced alignment, which finds the words in the in the sound is not reliable for us either.
And the the the only thing that the one can say to this is the this at least affects everybody the same way.
So I think it is, it is quite easy to proceed with a with these limitations and what the set up.
So so the so [ORGANIZATION6] people please review the [PROJECT1] test set, as I set it up and please contribute to it in any possible way.
You remember that some at the several months ago of of I suggested that you can ask your students and and [PERSON3] said that well we cannot expect volunteers eeh possibly paid volunteers or non-paid volunteers that that makes some different, but not to it to to just do slavery task on the data.
But it turns, it seems that finding and curating is half the price when we pay what we pay to our annotators normally compared to like the professional translation.
(PERSON6) Yes, with this is that the finishes, the set of feel free to step in, and whatever you can do for [PERSON10] that will help us then the next person when [PERSON10] is still not like woken up is [PERSON7] who is now finishing the overview of the audible SLT test set.
And he will be moving to to to these like supervision and managing the the annotators for the [PROJECT1] test set if if [PERSON10] doesn't start really.
So so in a sense this is not the first time I hear that the users are always afraid of what [ORGANIZATION2] is working on for for the past years.
(PERSON1) This is the segmentation as opposed to the, you mean, the segmentation and -
I think that in the long term I would like this to be evaluated on humans towards the end of the project we we we would really have like user study that would be great to to see which, and I think there will be people of different groups.
So we're now in the, in which of the project, it's where in the middle of the project, right.
German to English say, you don't know the verb is <unintelligible> in the sentence predictor wrongly, or you could just wait, but maybe that's bad to.
So this is, I think the the problem with the integration of the ASR and MT will remain even once the uh, the new generation of the ASR models is is there.
And there will be the question for the users whether they preferred to wait for the German verb, or guess and put there some English verb.
Cause they just have strategies for doing this, the massive strategies where they serve formulate the the speech and serve wheter the <unintelligible> is open, but I don't know the computation like.
It's like, the ASR so bad that that the prediction is like totally off, and so far it doesn't work at all, but but we are trying this guessing.
And that's a question whether we will be able to do it well enough and half a good enough confidence eh explicitely in the models to make the decision, whether we should follow this guess or not.
Would could you, could [ORGANIZATION4] supervise the the organization of the of the demo?
So could it be like the 8th the so 11th seems like the average.
(PERSON13) I, think that probably we if you would like to present to the same thing we should then everything right now put the same set up without the (audition??
So what the, yeah, what was the challenge on the French watching session that we didn't understand the source language.
So what so far in our experiments what kills the performance for the final user of the machine translation is the sentence segmentation.
So maybe maybe [PERSON9] he could propose some German talks that are uh, on this and we we should test the whole set up via English into all the languages.
So the communication about the the day should be already like that to start internally immediately.
And that would be towards the end of the the next week, we should be ready for that.
And in the week from the 11th, the sooner the better.
