Yeah, so I haven't heard from uh, from what- wha- was his name, [PERSON5] uh- yet.
(PERSON1) Okay, so uh, yeah, also that- that could be difficult, but <laugh> because we are- we are failing to get our people here.
(PERSON3) Ah, I would only say that once the vaccination drive starts, uh, then only uh like I would like, consider of, uh moving to New Delhi for the visa and stuffs, so- yeah-

(PERSON1) Oh.
So, you- you're an afraid to- uh, to- to go to New Delhi, right? So I think we are, uh, like technically, we are safe for the first few months of the year, but then the way in which we are paying you, the- the substitute way, has probably legal limits, uh which uh, will kind of run out, uh in the middle of the year.
Do you think that it would be, uh possible to- to do this, over the weekends, and uh, [PERSON4] when you say this semester, does the semester start now, has the semester just started, or- started- or do you still have, two months, for example, to go? Uh, so that's the- that's the problem that we are uh really facing.
So they will bold whatever is a named entity and they would, uh italicise uh, what is not, and they would uh, for example, get the page or the- the document as HTML, uh where the things to annotate would be, uh highlighted in- in yellow.
So, uh-

It is possibly doable over the few weekends, uh like conversion of, the plain text files, uh, uh- search for the, (type) (level) annotation, um, items, uh, uh, marking those uh, the- the-

Like- tho- those- um-

Ah, it would be good if people already are looking at the documents, uh, if they, actually saw, uh the type level annotation, because there could be errors, and they could notice there are errors in that type level annotation.
(PERSON1) It's uh, this one, let me paste the link <unintelligible>-

(PERSON3) The de-identification (procedure).
Okay, but uh, one thing is that uh, (if I prepare), eh, those HTML files, uh, the annotators cannot edit them without uh, opening them, in an editor.
(PERSON1) Eh- yes it's- it's- uh try it yourself.
(PERSON4) Y- yes, but, my question is uh- are we going to show them only the sentences with the- with those- (words), or the whole text, and some (words) in it? (PERSON3) Um, I think, by that way, we can also, uh keep track, we- when they are submitting, and it gets, uh like submitted to a specific folder, so it's easier, for us to-

(PERSON1) Yeah.
<parallel_talk> So maybe, uh, maybe uh, let's do it like uh green, the- this is not a name, uh, (with the) [PERSON6]'s name and, uh, [PERSON7]'s name.
(PERSON1) Uh, because there has been an automated or, halfway automated decision made, and uh, it is good for the people to validate that decision.
I very often come up with some overkill, so, uh, yeah.
And, uh [PERSON3], I agree with you that we uh, have to go for the Scientific Committee, uh so, we'll do a challenge, with the Scientific Committee, so we now need the web page to be completed, so that we can uh put that into that email and ask the people, right? Uh, maybe just (ping) her, uh but it's yeah, we- whatever, it's, we have just, uh separated the- the (calls) for participation with the submission, so we are not in- in, that big hurry.
Maybe, if you have time, like, for maybe briefly.
(PERSON3) So-

(PERSON2) Uh, it also depends <laugh>.
(PERSON4) Yeah, actually, if we have the codes, that won't be the matter of uh, one file or two files.
Like, as always, any person who is h- having a comorbidity, is susceptible, towards that.
(PERSON2) It's quite a good <unintelligible>.
Even- even if the vaccine works for 70 percent, accuracy, it has still the ability to s- stop the spread, yeah.
(PERSON2)

Yes, I- I alrea- I'm already there.
And (outline of the program) we don't have it either.
Uh, so far-

(PERSON2) You want- do you want me to send it? (PERSON3) Okay, okay then, [PERSON2], so maybe we can, catch up tomorrow? (PERSON3) Yeah, yeah, sure sure sure, definitely, yeah.