cnn's peter bergen says the technology is now only working technically.
he says it's not usable for, for those who don't speak other4.
he's already working on a project that could be transcribed by an annotator.
bergen : we'll be watching other4's video on wednesday.the standard video players are designed to play in a continued way.
but the critical required required the video and subtitles to be on the same screen.
person9 created something that at the server side of the presentation is regularly taking screenshots.
it's not too bad for us, but we also know about the lag, and if the lags change, then it ’ s too bad.the static slides they even hide the watch, so there is no change on the slides for a couple of dozen seconds.
" it's not good for videos, " says person8percent.
" we have to organize the layout to provide subtitles next to either subtitles or the paragraph you next to "" i'm studying also computer science, " he says.
" what you have done? " he asks.
" we'll be inviting people to help, and we could plug this into the current setup, " says person6.
" it's the last bit from me and now i've got to do the standard round, " said person.the idea is that we need to provide all the forms of the same material.
it's something that goes beyond the time limit that we have now.
so who can start? i'd like to use the word in the language model in all its forms.
i would like to replace this word with a replacement word." reference ", " referenci " and " ruzich " are common terms.
" reference, " " ruze ", and " referencemi " are not.
" referanci " is a replacement for the word used in the dictionary.
the dictionary is not sure if it's necessary to explain.the status of the domain information is not yet known.
if there is any chance that he would have something for this monday? please get in touch with [ person7 ], and that you can feed files to him, and he can use them...
and that would be good.if you're searching for the domain, then search through a huge corpus of the particular language, or other sentences.
if you are searching for other _ _ noise, the chances of unintelligible levels of this corpus are zero.
for example, if you were searching for a domain with the same name, then the chances are zero, so what is that?the visualization tool on the old realization tool is called real time audio visualization.
the back end is a server in c + +, which is just reads the has gently read the microphone signal.
it's not sure how to stand those thresholds, but the last problem is that it could make it possible to visualize the sound.as soon as we have the evaluation running, we can directly.
if you have the pick, any of your recordings and played at various loudness levels.
so maybe [ person7 ] could email.
( person7 ) ( person8 )...
and then sat the threshold, so we need to like to polish the indicators.the problem is that this wasn't trained on [ project1 ]'s ] project1.
the paraphrases are much better than the previous model.
it was trained with tpu that the project1 models correctly load on our gpu's, please email mailonline.open neural network exchange format can be used if we < unintelligible.
there is probably not a high chance that the architecture [ project1 ] is precisely the same.
there's probably not any way in which we could benefit from that, but it could be worth a try ( person8 )" project1 " models are trained in a similar way, but still well, says one expert.
" we should get to that in in the two weeks of february at the latest, " he says.
" i can just run it...
but perhaps it's they really good to evaluate this, " says another.the best corpus is actually the best file in the.
< unintelligible file which you have also translated into [ other4 ] ].
the best volume in the full file is the best files you have already translated into other5.
the other result is running, but the other results aren't satisfactory.person5 could translate all these languages into " other4 " the languages can be used to create synthetic parallel data.
if you believe these models are accurate, it's the good model to do the offline translation of all these large data.
" we're better than the old organization2, " says person8." project1 " is a new project from person8.
it's available to download and shared by anyone on the other side of the road.
the project is expected to be released by the end of the year.
the group is currently working part time on a project that will be released later this year.the segment was created by person10, who helped me integrate buffer in the location2 segmenter.
when it isn't as asr, the segments are less, very less.
the segment will help the segmenter make more segments basically, so that it's more similar to the asr output.cnn's john sutter is a former student at the university of pennsylvania.
he says the terms are used to train on the same topic.
he doesn't know what is more important than the actual speech of a person.
sutter : " what data set has the correct transcripts which are as fluent as the natural speech "if someone like has a new one, we can get in touch with everyone else.
if he is coming this week, he'll probably send an email so that unintelligible.
he's not sure if he will be coming this weekend, but it's a good idea." unintelligible " is a doodle of doodle.
the doodle is like up to date, and we will find the date, which time which suits most of you.
if you're going to send it back, send it to the latest on wednesday, at the latest.