So I'm curious, if [PERSON4] is here, we don't have [PERSON4].
(PERSON2) So after we done this, then we will know which version of [PROJECT3] we will for the use.
(PERSON2) I'm waiting for the input from <unintelligible> from [ORGANIZATION2].
So that's, ah, the one of the reviewers in in the review also ask whether we are, ah, combining, ah, the ah, the document level aspect with the multilingual aspect.
(PERSON1) So so sorry, what you are, you're saying that there is no gain to be expected, ah, from multi-source, right? And, ah, I think this is also an important message for [PERSON17] who has disappear again from the call.
Yeah, you are, ah, ah, so [PERSON4], you have the call with, ah, [PERSON10] later today.
(PERSON6) I mean they're cutting the recordings to words and done getting together to to create a new, new, new recordings with, ah, different sentences.
So the language is were swaped there and some of the languages didn't contain any reasonable output.
So that, ah, people would be able to to get it running.
So, next week, I would like to hear from you three how far you got in the in the like specifications of the requirements.
Ah, EG easy to integrate, ah, also the profanity filtering.
(PERSON8) Which also uses tensor to tensor, so it uses the same structure.
But if you think that when starting the worker, if you limit the parameters, if you limit the number of languages there itself.
And the other problem is that it was basically trained using tensor to tensor, which makes it very, very slow.
It is good, maybe, for creating the the syntethic data or whatever.
(PERSON4) Yeah, for that uh, I think I located the directory on uh.
But this is so like low level issues, that it's worth having this discussion in the devel at [ORGANIZATION1] mailing list.
They have seen that the people have thought about it.
(PERSON1) So try, yeah, try that, because I'll have called at half past three with Dominic and and [PERSON3].
I think I'll be able to wrap it up today itself.
(PERSON1) So are you also planning [PERSON7] to be on that call with [PERSON11], or with with the [PERSON4] after that? So, after that I'll have a call with [PERSON7] to discuss all the, oh, things that I put in the script, and then I think he can take it up from that.
Then, without running anything, you should just be able to look at the the stored outputs and the store scores, and it would immediately see where we are standing.
So, when there is some session happening, we really need to make sure that we have the important people around the globe, ah, ah, like available.
But the word discussing was recognized as disgusting.
But maybe we, we could employ um these neural networks that I forget how this this task is called, but it's like based on the movie review -.
Ah, I mean, we can just say in the profanity filter part, they can just look out for a hateful comments or or hateful sentence, and we can simply remove it.
But there's probably more and, um, ah, yeah, we just need more people to do that.
And then on the 7th of January will meet again.