
00:03 

And just to be complete we are also going to also talk about the the nominal <unintelligible> of-.

05:25 
(P) Hello Sangeet, can you hear me?
(S) Uh, yeah, I I can hear you now that you're-
So, how are you Peter?
<other_noise>
(P) Sorry, I'm fine thanks.
But I need to, uh-.
Figure out my sound settings first.
(S) Yeah, okay, okay, okay.
(P) You have nice machines there.
(S) Yeah, I got it built on during the <unintelligible>
And it came one and half or two months ago actually.
Yeah.
(P) Okay, it seems that I like I need to disconnect first, and then reconnect so, okay.
I'll be here in few seconds.
(S) Uh, okay, okay.
(O) Hi good to see you.
(S) Hi, hi, hi Ondřej, how are you?
(O) So welcome <unintelligible>
(S) <unintelligible>
(O) I wasted my holidays by being ill, uh, but that was something from stomach, so not not Covid  
related.
<laugh>
But it was, uh, uh-.
So now I'm actually back to work and that actually improved my mood.
<laugh>
(S) Yeah, okay.
And my holidays were also not kind of like that fun.
As the New Year is king of expected of but filled more with assignments, projects <laugh>, these  
kinds of stuff you know.
But that was still fun stuff so you cannot complain.
(O) Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So are you actually staying in Mannheim in the dorms or in uh, uh, uh-.
(S) No, this is this is my private private apartment.
(O) And is it in Barbican city or is it the other side.
There there was, uh, like-
(S) <unintelligible> you mean.
(O) <unintelligible>, yes.
(S) Yes so this is <unintelligible>.
(O) Yeah, yeah, yeah.
<laugh>
(S) <laugh>
It is more like a kind of village kind of part of the city. Yeah.
(O) Yeah.
So I see that Peter is here and <unintelligible> as well.
So Rishu any news about your electricity or is it-?
(R) Yes, it's back.
(O) It's back yeah <laugh>.
Yeah, it is, yeah-.
Uh, there is some, some noise cancellation.
Uh, uh, uh,
And so hopefully that will work out.
Okay, so let's get started, because we want to, uh, cut this shortest uh, uh, so yeah.
So we fit into the half hour and Bohdan is hopefully answering.
So, uh, my to dos.
Or the items, that I want, to, bring up, uh, are the two sessions that we have.
So one is Malach and the other is THEaiTRE.
So Malach is the Holocaust survivor's session 
And the THEaiTRE has been postponed by a month.
So that gives us, uh, some extra time, which is, uh, which is good.
Um, I've started documents with "to do" lists.
This is is mainly on Rishu.
But I would like to ask anyone who could help.
So Sangeet  you or you said that, you would be very busy and you could-
Uh, like, is there anything you can help with or, uh, or, uh-.
(S) I, I would not make any like false promise like, make, a, promise now, and otherwise
not do it.
So I am, I'm like I will be quite honest because I'm like slumbered with the homework, the  
assignments and exams approaching.
I'm on the technical calls regularly so I'm like up to date with what is like happening and who is  
doing what. 
So after a month when I get time I think I can get quickly to the project <unintelligible>.
(O) Yeah, okay.
So in case you had some extra time I suggest that you talk directly to Rishu-.
(S) Okay, I'm happy to do that.
(O) And ask if there is any like one shot of thing that you could do.
Mm, it, it, could, be, any, data preparation, like, downloading for, uh, some, some, domain data  
you know, for the two, uh, events, or, or, something, like that.
Mm, yeah.
I'm happy to see Dominik here as well.
Uh, so Dominik have you answered whether you would be available as a back-up?
Or, uh, I haven't asked you yet?
Sorry, my fault.
<laugh>
Uh, I'm I'm sending a question to Dominik now, so the the second event, the THEaiTRE will have two  
parts.
One will be online, pre-recorded.
And that will be interleaved with a real live discussion, which will take place, in the THEaiTRE.
And, I'm, going to the THEaiTRE tomorrow.
Uhm, for like technical meeting.
So I will see where can we plug our bear ringers and actually record the sound, uh, um, on the, uh, 
on site.
And I 'm just checking if Dominik would be available as a back-up person in case of whatever I get  
sick, or something like that.
For that is in February.
It has been moved to the 26th of February.
So we need.
Yeah.
(D) Yes, okay.
I can do it.
(O) Yes, thanks.
So, so I plan to do it myself.
I plan to go there, but like, we need a back-up person.
And, uh, also for the Malach event.
We need someone to take care of the recording, so the archiver person.
So then we do not lose that session again.
So this is, uh, these two things.
And, like, the more important and still persisting topic to to work on is the ladder climbing and  
I've suggested here uh, in the uh, uh, in the uh, paragraph for Rishu, uh,
that we could use simple HTML tables that would be auto generated, and that would grow.
And um, um, yeah, it could show that-.
So I think that that would be probably the easiest, uh, to just put up the tables as HTML.
But it could get difficult when we want to see the differences as the perform-.
As like the like new systems will be evaluated after every new evaluation campaign.
It may be difficult to prepare these tables.
So I asked Bohdan and Bohdan unfortunately won't be available during this call.
Um, to to tell us whether the Weights and Biases, which is a web based solution.
Some start up company which offers, uh, accounts for academic purposes for free, if that would help 
us are or not.
Um, yeah, okay, so Weights and Biases this is not really, uh, recommended by Bohdan.
And so so the simple HTML is probably the, uh, the way to go.
So as soon as Rishu has these evaluations, um, cleaned up.
So that means moving the few scripts to, uh, where they belong from ELITR test set and some  
automatic runner.
Then also, please create a conversion from the tables into HTML.
Similarly to the tech conversion and then put these results, uh, uh, regularly to to your webpage.
Or what you could even do, is to have a full, uh, Git check out, uh, directly located in this  
public HTML or simling from that public HTML.
So that, um, it would be immediately accessible through the web.
And anybody could could have a look at the current scoring, and and and like explore that.
So this, this would be useful, especially for people outside of UFAL such as, Karlsruhe, uhm, we  
know they have like-
The performance was was bad for some of the files and they could directly, uh, browse it on the  
web.
Uhm, they could also browse it actually in in on Github.
So if this is up to you to set it up so that it is like user friendly and and easy and easy to  
follow.
(R) Okay, yeah, yeah, I'll do that.
(O) Yeah, thanks.
So that is, um, myself.
I'm now, uh, working on, uh, getting to update the, um, demo paper submission, which is due next  
Friday, if I 'm not mistaken.
And then I have some project reports to do, and I'm starting to gather documents, ah, like, or  
links to the documents, not the documents themselves yet, uh, for the two sessions.
Uh so there is the standard work.
And then I'm pretty busy with minuting.
Like not not doing anything myself, but just arranging what what people do.
So this is my report.
So please, uhm then proceed one by one and tell me.
We have already heard from Sangeet probably no progress over the Christmas.
Yeah, that's that's fine like it is it is exam period.
So, ah, so Rishu.
Uh, maybe if you could summarize your impressions from the finishing of the deliverables. Like,  
what is missing, and what is, um, uh, what, you, were, happy, about, and, what you were unhappy  
about, when doing D one point five and D six point three.
(R) I think of the one point five, uh.
Okay, so we are just reporting.
I mean, we are reporting the numbers of words, so, the statistics about the transcript percent,  
right?
Oh yeah, it is a good metric, I would say to represent the numbers.
But I would also say that, uh, we should also represent a language pairs.
Like, uh,. let's say, 
(O) Mhm, yeah.
(R) English to a German or English to Czech or vies versa, so that, um, ultimately we get, uh,  
enough.
Originally we wanted to get an idea about, uh, the conversion, like the world ratio of two  
languages for a given transcript.
(O) Yeah
(R) That would also be helpful.
Um.
And then this would probably also, uh, help us in getting.
So I guess we had a proposed that if there are some lines which are coming from, uh, ASR and we  
want to remove it.
Or we had to remove the empty lines, uh, due to profanity filtering.
So we had to check it at the moment that, uh, whether to remove the-.
(O) Yeah.
(R) So far. I'm not really sure.
(O) So what do you-.
(R) I can't remember the word exactly.
(O) Yeah, uh, so let me let me take a record here, so, uh, Rishu will do this.
And then, uh, as observations, uh, uh, of some D one point five empty, six point, uh, three  
preparation.
So, uh, for, uh, uh, test set size.
Uh, info we should at a statistic per, uh, uh, language pair.
Uh, then, uh,  for what was for was the second thing-.
Yeah, yeah.
(R) Okay, so, for-.
(O) Uh, for for ASR as well.
Uh, We should add, uh, to complimentary metric, uh, actually it is more.
We should add complementary met these complementary metric.
Uh ,so, you mentioned one, and that is profanity filtering, uh, evaluation.
Uh, so, uh, have an explicit list of things which must not appear in the output, right?
(R) Yeah, yeah.
(O) And then, uh, then, uh, rare words evaluation.
Uh, and here have an explicit list of names and, uh, terms, uh, that we, uh, do want to appear in  
the output.
Uh, scored, uh, not simply by word error rate but, scored by something which directly accounts, uh, 
these things, right?
Yes, so I I totally agree.
Uh, this involves also manual preparation of the reference, so, hm, both need manual-,
uh, manually created references.
I have one remark from from Ivana.
So, Ivana Kvapilíková has compiled, uh, some, uh, uh, translation dictionary, um, and, uh, uh,  
should-.
She should share it soon.
So this could become an MT part of the second thing of the railroad.
Uh, so this would be the rare, uh, words, uh, eval for MT and then from Malach we are also likely  
to get some dictionary.
Uh, so that will be Malach domain obviously?
And Rishu could I ask you to to revise the SAO domain and creates such a dictionary by looking at  
the outputs and what is missing in the outputs.
So like short listing, uh, listing the words that we do like, and we do not like in the SAO domain.
Could you do that?
(R) I think I still have to make a call with, uh, Omar.
So we haven't had a call yet.
So probably I will have one call with him next Monday.
(O) Mhm.
And then, you know, I I can also look at it.
(R) Yeah, so you are-.
You are afraid you are busy.
You, uh, uh, probably, can 't get get to it soon.
(R) Actually.
No, I mean-
Not before Monday.
Because tomorrow I have my <unintelligible> test.
(O) Uh, so, let's, uh, well-.
Next week, uh, consider if Rishu would have the capacity to extract-.
Or we could also ask Muhammad, uh, not Omar, but, Muhammad, uh, uh, to extract
uh, this positive plus negative lists from SAO or domain documents.
So that would be the various IWSLT, uh, uh, uh, things.
(R) Uh, there was one more thing.
(O) Mhm.
(R) So basically, it has to do with the scores that we are calculating.
(O) Mhm.
(R) So, uh, I think we need to improve our segmenter, the worlds are getting revised fine.
If, uh, we improve our segmenters our score should be higher than what we are getting.
(O) Mhm, okay, so, uh, the, uh, segmenter or well, it is a problem.
<laugh>
Um, yeah.
If we improve that, yeah, uh, well, it would be much better.
Okay, uh, so uh, what I miss still, and what should belong to the ladder climbing and the regular  
reports is SLT style of evaluation.
So we will, uh, talk about this at the latest next Wednesday with partners.
Uh, whether we are happy with the way of delay is being calculated.
So, Rishu could you get us, uh, also some of the delay scores?
So maybe, start with a single document.
Do not do it for all of them yet.
But, uh, get in touch with Muhammad and get some delay scores for some of the files from the ELITR  
test set.
Probably from the IWSLT Dev set, uh, the, the, the Portuguese or whatever, uh, domain.
So, segmenter is related tom this a lot, so that's why <unintelligible> it occurred to me that we  
need that.
So, uh, Rishu please prepare for, uh, for the, uh, Wednesday call with, uh, like, uh, other  
partners by, uh, getting SLT scores delay plus Flicker, uh,  on one of the IWSLT Dev, uh, files or  
uh other, uh, SAO domain files.
So again, with the help of Mohammed, ask him right now how to get it.
The plan and the goal is, of course, to put this into the regularly produced tables, but now do it  
just for one file.
And and see, what what we get there?
(R) Okay, sure.
I'll first ask him to, uh, correct po- the current SLTL for the correct type we have.
So the correct one is not working.
I had to come almost come from the back from it.
(O) Yeah, yeah, sure.
(R) <unintelligible>
(O) Yeah, sure.
(R) Okay.
(O) Mhm yeah, okay.
Thank you.
So yeah, I should mention that loud, that like, uh, Rishu, has done tremendous amount of work, uh,  
for the deliverable.
Uh, it was towards the end of the year.
Luckily, he doesn't celebrate Christmas.
So it was not a spoiled Christmas break for any, any European person.
It would be as spoiled Christmas.
So, uh, uh, they. in the end, I'm I'm happy with the tables that we put into the deliverables.
But this is something which I have been asking for since August already.
So you see, that like, it's is despite, it seems simple, it actually takes time, and we need to  
work this way.
And I, uh, for the continuous, uh evaluation, for the ladder climbing I really do want to have tha, 
uh, uh, um, these observations being gathered like throughout the weeks and 
not for the deadline.
Because, then you you see how stressful it was to to to get, uh, all the things together.
So, uh, so let's, uh, that is for everybody.
Let us keep in mind that evaluation is something which takes time.
And uh, uh, like the presentation of that is also important, and we need to do it way before the  
deadline is approaching.
So hopefully we will be more likely with, uh, like, time allocation for this, and and hopefully it  
will be less, uh, stressful. 
For both of the sessions, Malach and THEaiTRE I do already want to choose the system the the  
pipeline from some choices, and this has to be based on some numbers.
So we haven't done that before.
We have always used just some of the system and and not really thought about which one, but let's  
really start making an informed choice.
(R) Oh yes.
So, uh, Malach is going to be in Czech, right?
Uh, yes, if I'm not mistaken.
It is in Czech, right?
So that actually-.
Yeah.
(R) <unintelligible>
(O) You will need to be in touch with Omar, as you said, uh, because we need to revive, uh, the  
Kaldi.
And Peter is trying to get Kaldi running for himself as well.
But I 'm not sure how far he is so like, I believe.
(P) Well, uh, I finally, I finally managed to compile it.
(O) <laugh>
(P) Well it was some fix I found on the internet.
It was just some flag for linking.
So it wasn't that bad, actually.
And now I 'm trying to, uh, train the a model on common voice.
And I was thinking that maybe I should revise which the data set.
I will be actually using for the for the experiment.
(O) Mhm.
(P) Because of most papers, uh, actually, they are not using a common voice.
So maybe maybe it is better to use some other data set.
But on the other hand, um, benefit of the common voice is that we have additional information about 
gender and speakers.
And there are also non native speakers there, many, non native speakers, mostly Indians and so on.
So the question is, uh, which data set we want to use, or whether we want to use more datasets.
(O) More datasets.
My answers is definitely more datasets.
So I suggest that you choose what-.
Well, uh, there is an email that I send already before Christmas.
to Tyson and Lee so to the Karlsruhe people asking about links to the data, and they still didn't  
respond.
I sent them a reminder yesterday.
If you have seen that as well, so hopefully they will respond.
And I suggest that you use all they suggest, all they recommend.
And, uh, also common voice.
Because we really need to-.
So the the goal is to have the baseline, and then to do the, uh, uh, the word uh, cutting thing.
Uh, but I think that already this baseline should be geared towards non native speakers.
So that's why I'd definitely like the common voice to be in there.
But at the same time, I'm, I'm pretty sure the common voice alone would be too small.
It would not be good, uh, it would be good for comparison purposes, but it would not be good as a  
system for deployment.
(P) Okay, okay.
Yeah, yeah.
As for the system day, it it it is clear that when it is all the data since we have available.
But I was thinking rather about some paper from one that might stem from from this experiment.
And for that, it might be actually better to use some, uh, more frequently used the dataset, for 
example, Wall Street journal, or maybe Library speech.
(O) Yeah.
So, uh, whatever you can get easily and easily converted to the appropriate format.
Please combine all that together.
And, uh, so when I said that Kid is owing us the list of LDC data and other links, they actually  
have already provided these, uh, links in some way.
Uh, uh, to deliverables in the work package one.
So, uh, these references are already available to some extent.
And and now I do not know which is if it is D one point-.
Uh, let me check ELITR
You, deliverables, D one one and D one five.
So, D one one and D one five.
So, uh, the one one is, uh, publicly available.
D one five.
I'm sure you have that in your overleaf Peter.
(P) Where can I find it, exactly?
(O) So I have-
(P) So I have overleaf open.
So it's-.
So which document it is.
(O) So I 'm now, I'm now in the the search organization document.
The one where we had the link.
Uh, uh, for this call.
(P) Okay, I will open it.
(O) D one five.
(P) D six three.
(O) No, D one five.
So I 've just pasted the link, uh, to the Google doc as well.
So D one five is this one, yah, and D one one is is already published.
So please browse these, there is an ASR section.
And you are the one.
You are actually the only one who is training ASR system, uh, at UFAL these days.
So you should, uh, like clean or make yourself familiar with the data on our disks and put it  
there. 
So net data, and not necessarily within ELITR.
It can be also outside of ELITR it can be like you have the directory.
You know, the directory where to where to put these things.
(P) Yeah, yeah, yeah.
In the ELITR data.
(O) Yah, okay.
(S) Sorry to interrupt.
I I was also thinking I would like to get in touch.
I <unintelligible> to work with Peter on Kaldi ASR actually.
Uh, I'm also thinking to do some non native speech, uh-.
(O) Mhm.
(S) Uh, like, in building a non native speech, uh, automated system, for tor some languages, as a  
part of my, as a part of the masters thesis.
(O) Mhm.
(S) So I mean, I think the sooner I get started working on it the sooner I will be able to I, I  
will be able to build the-
Uh, I I do not know, because I haven't done this in the past.
So-
(O) Yeah.
So is there still any benefit in uh talking to Omar for the two of you Sangeet and Peter?
Because Rishu will have a call with Omar.
So should you join that as well?
So that you, like, Omar has already written, like, understood some of the traces that Jonáš left  
for us.
So he was able to run the system, at least.
And now Omar has left.
So we need , we need to make sure it is stored.
That the knowledge is stored with someone in the team, it can be Rishu, but it also could be  
Sangeet and Peter.
(S) So, what I was thinking, that I should first view the video which Jonáš had, 
recorded, before he left.
So, once, uh, once, I, I, I, go through that, then I think, uh, me a Peter can decide on when to  
have a call, uh, with Omar.
(P) Yeah.
I'm two part of the of the video, or from the beginning.
And um, I-
If I'm not mistaken that some of the paths are not existing yet.
So, some things were removed, so I don't know whether we can run everything which is in in the  
video.
<other_noise>
So maybe it it will be better for us to to attend the call with the Omar.
So then we are with the most up-to-date version of our remote <unintelligible>
(S) Yeah, said the sounds.
That, that actually sounds best <unintelligible>
(P) And then we can-.
And then we can have call together.
So because I m actually also like to work on the non native speakers so of it is actually, uh, uh,  
one part of my, uh, uh, of my thesis.
So.
Uh, but if I understand it correctly you you would like to do this model using Kaldi  
<unintelligible>
(S) Yeah, yeah, yeah.
(P) Yeah, okay.
Because that would be great because I 'm more fan of the of the, you know, 
<unintelligible> models.
So we can actually compare its performance.
So that would be great to cooperate on this thing.
(S) Yeah, probably that would also uh, ease the distribution of ELITR project.
(P) Okay, so uh, the call with, Omar, uh, should continue right after this call.
(O)  So, Rishu, when is your call.
(R) No, I will probably talk to him on Monday.
That is why I'll drop send him an email today.
But Omar is busy <unintelligible> and not available on Friday, so it will be probably on Monday or  
Tuesday.
(P) Okay, uh, Rishu.
So, uh, so please include me with the mail so I can add it to my calendar.
Yeah sure, I'll I'll do and Sangeet.
(A) And probably Sangeet, Sangeet.
(R) Yeah.
(O)  Great, okay.
Great, so I'm happy that we have not missed this.
Uh, this opportunity for sunchro-, uh, for a synch.
Okay, uh, thanks.
So let's quickly move to Dominik.
Uh, unless there is anything very important Peter uh still needs to say.
Uh, no, no, I think I don't have anything.
(R) Yeah, about the call with Omar.
Actually I wanna ask, so, uh, when do you finalise for the replacement for Omar.
<unintelligible> so me, the others and Sangeet already know-.
Or if you did, then maybe we could include him as well in the call, so that 
essentially he will also be training ASR systems if he is to replace Omar.
(O) Uh, uh, yes, you're talking about the what is his name.
Sorry, I have missed that.
(R) Uh, uh, Vicki.
(O) Vi-, Vicki.
(R) There was-
 Yes.
(O) Vi, Vicki, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I I  I need to, uh, respond to that.
That's my fault, it's on my " to do" list.
(R) Okay, thanks.
(O) Yeah.
Okay, thanks.
And Dominik, you have the summary.
So please present it.
(D) Yes.
(O) And you are just missing one more thing.
And that is the language, oh yes, it's there, yes.
(D) It's there.
So before Christmas, I released the ESI corpus for Bohdan.
And this, uh, this week, I implemented or or trained speech language identification.
I have a model for Czech, German and English which kind of works on YouTube videos in Euro  
parliament.
And I tried on Angela Merkel speaking her German accented English, and it worked.
It in works in online mode, with three seconds delay, and I 'm going to integrate it into the  
mediator and create one s simple start up script to increase control so anyone can use it.
And then I'm going to pass it to Sangeet or anyone who can train other model the same way as me.
Because maybe we need five languages of EUROSAI or anything else.
And then I'm going to analyze the ASI dev <unintelligible> data and then probably multi source  
training or anything else.
(O) That, the multi source that will be with Bohdan.
And one topic is missing.
And that is the, uh, study.
Subtitler study where we are aiming for the end of the month deadline, right?
Are we?
(D) Yes, probably.
(O) It should be doable.
So let's.
Let's give it a try, it.
It would be like.
It would be great if we managed to to do that.
So I will write it down.
So um, aiming, uh, towards ACL deadline with a subtitler study paper, uh, yes, uh, and then, uh,  
then Multisource. 
Uh, with Bohdan or based upon Bohdan.
And for the language ID I'm curious, how do you want to integrate it exactly.
Because it already involves considering multiple ASR sources, multiple channels.
So, uh, what would be the use case for, uh, for the language idea.
How do we plug that in?
Do we plug it as-.
(D) It will, it will be as audio to text worker-
(O) Mhm.
(D) And it will emit time stamps like -.
(O) Mhm.
(D) For for a two second window.
And and and class, you can see the silence, Czech, German, English, and then I will let on the  
others how they want to use it, in, the, pipeline.
(O) That, is, that, is important.
Please write this down here in the document, this briefing summary.
Uh, because, uh, that is, uh, Rishu, and also Rishu, when you talk to Vojtěch a well and also  
possibly Sangeet.
Uh, if we have this tool, we need to ship the audio, uh, to multiple, um, uh, ASR, uh, or,  
multiple, uh, workers, in, the, directory. <other_noise>
We will separately need to ship the audio to the English ASR separately.
<other_noise>,
To the German ASR and the Czech ASR for example.
<other_noise>
Depending on the <unintelligible>.
<other_noise>
And also to this language ID worker, and then we need to merge these outputs.
<other_noise>
And this is the tool which we do not have yet.
That's the Multisource tool, which will be preserving these text outputs and also following the  
time stamps <other_noise>.
Uh, and it would emit, uh, it would probably like <other_noise> produce <other_noise> 
uh, separate the output into the three language channels.
Producing either silent or correct ASR.
<other_noise>
So we need like, uh, filters for the ASRs so the ASR is silent if' it's the wrong language and it,  
uh, it, it is the recognized text if it is the correct language.
So we need to figure out.
So this is just one-.
Like I just made it up, this this type of set-up.
Another set up would be that, the same sound is shipped to ASR and this language checker and, uh,  
that already, like this language checker is essentially a a part of the ASR silencing the ASR if it 
is the wrong language.
That is also an an option.
So, we need to figure out, which way, um, uh, is of integrating the language ID 
is the best for our purposes.
So, please keep thinking about, uh, this, uh, like what are our pipelines.
Ideally, uh, uh, I think that uh, the, the, least, uh, like, management, 
confusion, and, and, so on would arise if our MT models were multilingual.
If it supported different source languages and they were translating from any of these languages  
into English.
Possibly doing just a copy, if the English was given as the input.
Ah, so, we would have this multi langue- multilingual, multiple ASR at the beginning all going into 
English and then from the English would go into all of the languages.
And later, when Peter would have a multilingual model of ASR, uh, that language ID would not even  
be needed.
<other_noise>
So this is,uh, like, we, need to, uh, figure out, uh.
<other_noise>
<unintelligible> building blocks.
Yeah, so.
So, like, please think about if, uh, for a while.
You have seen the sessions, you know what can happen.
Uh, and, uh, I think that we should have multi lingual, uh, MT models and either multi lingual ASR  
or multiple ASR with this language ID all feeding into the same multi lingual MT and then this MT  
producing English.
And then from English, will go to all the, uh, of the other languages.
Does that make sense?
(R) Um, I mean it kind of does, but it will like <unintelligible> bias the translations.
So-.
<other_noise>
I mean, the quality is probably going to the deteriorate.
<other_noise>
Given the time <unintelligible>
(O) Yeah, not necessary for the for the multilingual models.
It's a, it's, um-.
If it is a multi source-
Uh, it is should-.
Like it's.
Uh, it is not.
It's not multi source, uh, by having multiple concurrent inputs.
It's multi, just, multilingual.
Uh, I don't think, it, should deteriorate too much if it's if it's, uh, three languages, uh, at  
the, uh at the beginning.
And we don't have-.
(R) I think-
If I think Google or Microsoft has done something like this.
And they do not have an intermediate language.
So it is direct from one language to another.
Initially it was from the initial language to English and then to another language.
But now they have another tool, which is essentially from one language to another language.
It doesn't involve getting english in between.
And, uh, it proved to be more efficient than, uh, putting English in between.
So, English, as the intermediatory language.
So, uh, I mean to interpret -
Or they talked about how the computer had learned to try, or to interprete- 
Or it created one language on it's own.
Starter <unintelligible>
<other_noise>
So I understand too.
It was early German and Spanish.
(O) Mhm.
(R) So the machine was translating Spanish to something which only it 
knows and no one else.
And there was converting it to German.
So there was them.
They were obviously a intermediate language, but that language was not, uh, manually annotated.
So, uh, it is someone who knows, uh, Czech.
And no, who knows Spanish and, uh, German both.
So, he or she can directly translate from one language to another, withour using English as a  
derivatory language.
(O) Well, if if you could find a reference to, this.
Please, uh, let me know.
But, uh, so far what you said, it seems to me, it is like, uh, the general statement. 
That direct bilingual models are better, uh, than models, uh, than, output, that are 
pivoted.
And I do not think that, this, is, uh, an, ultimately, uh, true statement.
I think it very much depends on the data available.
If you have good data for the language pair, then yes, it is better to go directly.
But if your data is more available through English then it's it's better to go through English or  
synthesise the uh the data for the direct language pair.
And that's probably the best quality you can get.
That you create synthetic corpora, uh, based on English centric data set but you create then a  
direct model.
(R) Uh, so, it it was not necessarily a bilingual, it it was a multi lingual model.
(O) It was multi lingual.
Yeah.
(R) Yeah, the input could be multi lingual as well as the output would be multi lingual.
So I mean that's why it was interesting.
(O) Yeah.
(R) I will try to find it and send it to you.
(O) Yeah, okay, thank you.
Uh, so thanks, uh, Dominik, for, uh, the write up.
Yes, the the book, uh, we definitely have to have it out, in uh uh.
In, the middle of the year so, uh, probably we should start meeting on that and start, uh, writing, 
uh, right after the subtitler study is, is a way.
(D) Yes, sure.
(O) Okay.
So I think that is it for the call today.
I'll try to record somewhat my suggestion about how to use the language ID in theirs that we have  
in the document, and otherwise, uh, uh, uh, uh, have a good week and talk to you, uh, next, uh,  
Thursday, and be in touch, uh, with, uh, the preparations for the for the events so that is, uh and 
the continuous evaluation.
That is the, the ladder climbing is the most urgent thing now.
Okay, so thanks a lot.
Thank you.
(R) Thank you.
Bye.
(S) Bye bye.
(D) Bye.