we can - start with the [ project ] 4b experiment, " person7 " reviewer says.
" i'll still need to read through it, when uh - [ person7 ] is not here, " he adds.
" we can't wait for [ [ person ] to talk about it, " the reviewer adds.the big paper was supposed to be together with organization7.
but instead it was uh - this is what seems like only two people finished the - ( person6 ) mhm.
( person7 ) is joining us, and uh, uh, that's just uh me and [ person7 ] mhm '" uh, uh, i started writing a paper just to organize the ideas uh, but - - uh - - it's not even expected to - - to have results for this - - this - uh, sunday, sunday.
" i just organize the sections in bullet points...
we can think about uh, " says one of the group2." uh, uh, i'm - i just - ( ( person )2 ) but this might help him a lot, " says one of our colleagues.
the next one after - - if - ( person2 ) ) - - is " this seems reasonable, " another colleague is main - maintaining uh.uh, uh, what - uh? uh, it's the biggest one i think we have.
uh, we have uh, something between uh two or, up to 16 reference uh - per sentence.
uh - uh : uh, oh, uh?? uh.
uh? i - uh...
uh.the hyter data set is 50 arabic and 50 chinese sentences.
each of these were translated into english again, trying to create as many uh uh uh.
uh uh is the most useful for you, so we can dis - discuss the tasks in more detail.
uh is very popular with students, but it's not as popular as uh.the daily meetings should be - - o - or daily meetings - - for the time being.
the daily reports or calls should be beneficial in a way that you're socialized with the rest of the team, or at least with so - - that you ’ re more social." i don't think we need to like ur - urge them or pu - push them to - for replying yet, " says person7.
" i'm going to dig out the data sets for [ person ]...
and i have a quick uh - oh - later this week, " he says.uh, uh, i would like to ask [ person4 ] to do the post - editing, and uh, this will give us an estimate on the total number of sentences we c - can uh, dew, dew.
uh - uh is uh - huh, but uh - should i now wait for the number of words we.
c - - - uh, what do you think?" uh, uh, yes, so maybe one - another more thing, " says person9.
the group is waiting for them to tell us the number of unique people.
" uh is there any - it's - this is question for [ person9 ], " uh says.the experiment is taking way too long and it's being suspended too long.
the problem is that we don't have any native english speakers on our faculty.
" we can probably ask [ person ] whether there is some way to uhm do right now, " says one person.uh uh uh, uh uh have someone d - do the simplest thing to do, so they are expected to provide the speakers and they are uh, the users to the - to - forward that uh.
uh uh is the general rule of - of - life, but we just expect it to happen even if we are searching for a helping hand.we already had ten people do this experiment, but we already have ten.
" i think we should have uh, uh the expertise in - in context, to do the writing and so on, " i say.
i'll write an e - mail to [ person ], and hopefully something will happen soon." project4 " is a new project from project4.
it's running the back translation, monolingual data.
the system is still not ready to go on the road.
the project4 project is currently in the u.
s.
and will be available in two or three days." uh uh uh " is a system demonstration in organization4.
it's still low and low.
uh uh is still uh lower and lower...
so that we can finish it.
" uh? uh uh? i can probably chip in, " says person7." uh uh uh " is an open - source demo for project3.
it's open source and it uh is uh uh.
uh uh is open source, but we don't know the deadline.
the project4 demo p - submission will be released later this month.uh, uh, i - i - do we get engli - native english speakers, via this channel? ( person7 ), you want to, discuss? or [ [ person7 ] ] ], uh.
uh...
but we need uh somebody who doesn't know any czech or any estonian,'says uh.like and [ person ]7, uh yeah, we are the leaders uh...
and uh so - - - to get the people and they have like the best environment to do it.
" uh yes, but we need to help ourselves, " said person7.
" i'm happy to see that [ person7 ] is not as depressed as i understood from what [ person4 ] was saying "" we've discussed everything we needed so we'll see what [ person10 ] will, " says person9.
" i guess that is what we need to do, like end it here right, for today, right now, " he says.
" thank you, bye.
"