 [PERSON54: 'I wanted to discuss the one.
I did test this TDID of keyword extraction' 'I said, 200, they are really bad.
They are they are seriously, they're hilarious' The meeting data gives you most commonly occurring words which are, like all those, all those words, which we usually say, because our <unintelligible> meetings are not something which are set up, then they are like in an organized fashion .
[PERSON7] said he can include a newer motivation to share task or some paper maybe .
Big dial special session is just like interspeech <unintelligible>.
It will not run as a parallel task parallel session it will be a part of the program .
The papers that would be submitted in our shared task would be reviewed by the program committee of sick dial .
Empty marathons used to have this system or tool papers that were published as a special issue [PROJECT11] That was in the first year when that happened .
The authors were invited to submit for another review for for the next [PROProject11] issue .
The deadline for papers for their like-regular papers for special session papers would be a March, and that is, Ah, the same timing here .
But the sick dial thing is probably established to attract more participants, and the application proposals we already have, so it is easier .
At anti marathon, I just like asked around, and actually I myself created the structure of what I would like to hear .
And we really should do interspeech at a live event.
I would not do that never, so I'm not .
But at anti marathon its the I know the people so that is the difference .
The papers appearing in sick dial are okay, but not in [PROJECT11] those who are not .
The papers are submitted by the March deadline .
The interspeech satellite event will not get into any proceedings for interspeech .
The result of the interspeech live event will not be announced until March 15th .
The interseech deadline would be there by that time, the deadline would already be there .
It is required that all the organizers have the membership .
The institutional one is better, probably because the institutional is kind of like for five researchers and two students, or something like that, though.
If you have the institutional one, then you do not need that separate thing .
The proposal was discussed at a meeting at the University of Cambridge .
The proposal would be discussed at an interspeech conference .
Participants would have to reach out to people and prepare the website .