" i was just going to enjoy walking here...
and i hope we will join soon, " he said.
" i am so sorry, i missed your calls, " says person2.
he is not answering the call, but he's not answering one.
he was supposed to be there on friday.the same, uh - uh, was written by person1 as person1.
the results are the same as other papers and the same timelines.
uh, uh, the articles are not in the proceedings of [ organization4 ] " uh, " the uh - oh, the uh, is a technical communication meeting.if we don't do a shared task at organization5, we should do both.
" i forgot [ organization ] or not ] [ organization5 ], something different, " says person3.
the proposal is expected to get eventually accepted, but there is still no way to do so.the proposal for a [ organization16 ] workshop this year is over.
it's better that if we get either of the two, um, organization4's people can publish any time, we can motivate participants to submit.
the next proposal for the workshop is for 2022 would, which would be too late for us.if we made this kind of workshop, we write to our participants.
this time it is only three months, so we write a piece beforehand.
if we are going for special like - - uh, uh, or uh, it's just one more thing.
we have much more independence than special session.we have to strictly follow whatever [ organization4 ] says there.
in three months our data will be prepared, like in the proposal submitting, submitting the proposal.
we need to get everything ready, like the website uh our program committee, and then they will let us know by march 15.if we conduct a separate workshop, we have to submit the proposal any time.
" i will be back in two minutes...
and that is up to us, " says one of the endorsements.
" it is a long process now.
i am sorry, just - - i did this for the past year, " said one.we can send it to [ organization5 ], no, for the shared task.
we can even do with five, six submissions.
we don't need twelve submission submissions, but if you are to ask me, it will have a better say.
" it means double work, " says one person." we have to take out institutional membership to submit the proposal, " says person1.
the proposal is almost, uh, near to complete, but it's a new information.
" we need to pay two forty euros for our workshop, " said person1's creator." i don't know, um, much more, " says person1.
" i'm not really interested in all these points, " he says.
" it's really big work all of it...
i don ’ t know which points.
" " i didn't make a reche - - a research about, um - - "the machine translation was published in 1964.
it was published by person3 in 1964 and is now on the web.
it's not the first publication in the journal of machine translation, but it has been published in the u.
s.
it is the technical editor of the organization8, which was founded by person2.if he is not aware of this, then maybe he can be interested in.
he's trying to look at the where it is listed.
it's not mentioned on the website, but there is a good positive point.
it would be easy for anyone to see the site of organization8." it is mostly on machine translation.
it will be like...
in any kind of conference or workshop, it was not there, " said one person.
" it won't motivate anyone to submit, " says person2.
" we're going to publish in any sort of conference, " he adds.if they charge for that charge, they will be entitled to a list of what they have.
the list includes the general specific journals, such as organization15 and organization7.
it's not certain if they will charge for the charge, but it will definitely be in others like the organization15.the forum has a very big visibility among the irn and project1 community.
the forum is open to all irn members, and is open on the web.
it's also an open index.
forum that allows users to do it as part of the site.
the site is open for commenters, if they want to do.the proposal for the proposal has been met with criticism.
" i would be glad to read the proposal and to write some chapters to the proposal, so - - uh, it is absolutely necessary at every point, " i said.
" the only thing is, we have to do double work, ah, that is what we need to do, " said ig.