So I think we are, uh, like technically, we are safe for the first few months of the year, but then the way in which we are paying you, the- the substitute way, has probably legal limits, uh which uh, will kind of run out, uh in the middle of the year.
So that's my worry that uh- like we- we were able to- since you started in the middle of the, uh of the previous year, we could use like the (full year) limits for the half year or the- less than half year of time.
So we should really, uh, like, even if it was for a short time, I think it's- it's very important that you uh- that you actually do come to do the paperwork, which cannot be done remotely.
So now, I'm- I was kind of hoping that [PERSON5], uh the- the student of mine would- would be able to join, but he didn't respond to my email, I sent him an email uh, three hours ago, if he would be available at this hour so it was, like late notice.
He- he's doing it in a short period of time, like by his decision, but I- I- I support uh that, and uh the- uh the goal of the thesis is to develop the tool, uh which will help the annotations, uh but it's not to carry out the annotations, and not to like polish the data uh an- and uh like uh, manage the- the process uh of uh, de-identification.
So we can only benefit in the way, that, his tool can be tweaked as- as we would like it to be, we can ask him for features, he will probably include these features and, and uh that would save our processes, then, but he is uh not going to uh- to handle our data, because that would be- like uh I'm- I'm not paying him on the project and, he is already being payed from, a company who also wants, uh, who also want this tool, uh so, uh I- I don't think it would be a- a good idea, if we employed him on the project, because he uh would be effectively, uh, he wouldn't have the time, effectively.
And that's the uh, preparation of the uh, files for annotators and then, the insertion of the annotations into the data set, and then, um like polishing, uh c- cleaning up the- the data, so that it is all valid XML and- and all that, and doing the annotation preparation and annotation injection, uh or insertion, uh at the type level, as well as the token level, and then the final removal of the original content so that uh, we have um, only the placeholders there and no longer the- the named entities.
So this is what we need, and, um, like- the- you can s- spend the rest of the- the call talking about the, the procedure that we discussed yesterday, uh but I- I don't think there's any- any new input from me at this point.
Do you think that it would be, uh possible to- to do this, over the weekends, and uh, [PERSON4] when you say this semester, does the semester start now, has the semester just started, or- started- or do you still have, two months, for example, to go?
So what I can do is, uh I can try uh, reaching out to, one uh, like, CS student uh, who is also remote and busy, that would be also difficult, and I can try to reach out to another faculty, where they also have uh, like student works uh and, maybe- maybe they would have someone available for- uh for this exercise.
(PERSON1) Uh, there is another phase, so this is the ty- type level phase, so <unintelligible>, uh that some of these um, words are not named entities in any of the contexts, some are, named entities in all the contexts, and some of them, uh have to be decided by the- by instances.
So what we need to do is to, put this annotation into all the files, uh at the appropriate places and then we need to do the second round, which will be the same thing at the token level.
So we have to- the XML has to be absolutely clear, uh- in uh, the information, whether someone has looked at this or not, uh whether it has been processed at the type level, at the token level, or perhaps we will have some uh, other- other levels as well, uh as we- as we browse through the data it- it is possible that, for example, the- the (months), will be also like a special, uh level there.
And uh, it is not to- uh, like, if- I said yesterday- like, if I was the person to do this, uh then I would spend a, a week uh like, 40 hours uh working on this and I think it's- it's doable in those 40 hours, if you are er- skilled, (VI) user and pro- programmer, um.
And uh, then we are at the problem, that you are, [PERSON4], s- skilled in- in these processing tools, but you don't have the time capacity, and the annotators, uh don't have the programming skills, uh, so they cannot automate their work.
So they will bold whatever is a named entity and they would, uh italicise uh, what is not, and they would uh, for example, get the page or the- the document as HTML, uh where the things to annotate would be, uh highlighted in- in yellow.
So this is quick uh, to do, and uh, then someone would uh, again have to, uh take these, uh saved files back, and uh re-insert the annotation into, nice uh, XML, uh.
So that we do not- we don't want to have- we- we need to formalize it in our way of- of course and not- not in- in bold facing and- uh, italicisation.
It is possibly doable over the few weekends, uh like conversion of, the plain text files, uh, uh- search for the, (type) (level) annotation, um, items, uh, uh, marking those uh, the- the-
Ah, it would be good if people already are looking at the documents, uh, if they, actually saw, uh the type level annotation, because there could be errors, and they could notice there are errors in that type level annotation.
And <other_yawn>, and, uh you would um, uh then, apply this list, to all the documents, uh that includes the transcripts as well as the, um, ah the- the minutes, actually, and uh, you would use color-coding.
So uh, you would, highlight with a light yellow, uh, all the, uh, items, uh, uh- it- like when they were f- where they were found, uh and with shiny yellow, items that, uh are uh, unclear at the type level.
And people would open that HTML in, uh- Microsoft Word, uh they would see the uh, the sl- like uh- s- l- light yellow uh, items, and they would- uh, they could uh, somehow mark them red or whatever if there is some problem, or they could s- send us some, maybe it should have also sentence numbers.
That's probably a good idea, uh- to- to introduce like sentence IDs, uh, uh, uh and they would ignore those, so maybe they could be in smaller, ah, mu- much smaller font, so that they would not be distracting when reading the text, but it would be, there for synchronization.
So the annotators would open that, uh they- they could report, uh, unexpected problems with the, uh with the light yellow uh, areas, and they would always uh like- select by double clicking the words and, um, uh, um, and bold face uh, for yes, and italicise for no, uh the individual, uh, ah, uh- s- named entity occurrences.
Like uh, uh create an HTML, uh make a span, which is l- like a light yellow, or span which is shining yellow, uh, open it in uh, in uh, in LibreOffice, or Microsoft Word, and uh do the bolding, do the italicisation, uh, and, save it.
And your goal, or the programmer (skull) if you cannot do it yourself, uh, would be to extract the, uh, uh- uh s- the indicators, this is essentially indicators, uh, a- and put them into the, uh- the clean XML format.
Uh, uh while you're here, let's discuss, uh the markup, and then I'll try to find another person as well, uh if I find, uh, then, uh like you- you- you wouldn't have to do it if uh, if I won't, then, but it's still up- up to you, or, [PERSON3] at the la- as the last resort, but he is pretty busy with the, preparation of the workshop itself, so, that's also- like uh, that would be increasing the risk.
Confirmed uh, at token level, annotator, someone's name, ah, anno- uh, actually for the type level, uh it's, uh always [PERSON2] now, or the other person, so like, [PERSON2], and the other person, wha- yeah.
(PERSON4) Y- yes, but, my question is uh- are we going to show them only the sentences with the- with those- (words), or the whole text, and some (words) in it?
And then this would be, uh, the shining uh yellow and what they would do, and maybe this we could make this red so that they could also, uh, so that they would like uh have a visual, a clear, visual way.
So if the, is it best for you that you really would individually send them the files, and tell them, open this in Microsoft Word, and do the bold facing and italicisation, uh of all the-
(PERSON1) Yes, that's right, yeah so that would- we would have to like, Google Docs obviously they have the permissions uh system, so we could somehow like divide it and, and like make it accessible only to specific people, and so on.
But, uh, it's- I'll leave up to you what is- what is easier for you, if you are used, uh and if people are used for this uploading of documents, uh then perhaps that is, uh that is the easiest option.
(PERSON1) <parallel_talk> I'll do one more thing I'll do to the yellow, the light yellow highlight here, and maybe this is too- too light, so we'll have to come up with some, uh, so that they would actually- yeah this is probably the right, thing.
So this is also, like this is the suspected entity, and uh, um, now the question is how do we, uh say that we do not think that our type based annotation, does not indicate that this is a named entity, so, uh-
(PERSON1) Uh, I think that they, so- th- they- they- definitely have to, make the decision for the undecided ones, for the maybe ones, that's the, bright yellow, and, I think that they should just occasionally look at the green and red ones.
(PERSON2) This (is) green sentence is also going to be green, one name is green and another name is green, so it will be extremely colorful <unintelligible>, and really, a lo- a lot of (work), really lot of (work).
So, like normally, they wouldn't be touching these green things, they would only be sometimes touching it and saying, well, this is actually not a name, and they would i- italicise it.
And uh, uh, please do a test- uh test document, uh, so that, uh well, [PERSON4] will prepare it uh and [PERSON2] will do the bolding, and, uh and [PERSON4] will try to get the information back, right?
<parallel_talk> Um, to dos, one to do is to, um, uh double check, uh, the stages, uh, and whether they are uh clearly, uh, reflected, in XML markup uh options, uh and then uh, test the HTML, uh Word, HTML, and then extraction.
And, uh [PERSON3], I agree with you that we uh, have to go for the Scientific Committee, uh so, we'll do a challenge, with the Scientific Committee, so we now need the web page to be completed, so that we can uh put that into that email and ask the people, right?
And- and the way to roll it out to the web, if you, if I- if I- made any changes on the GitHub, will they automatically appear on- in the web or, will you, uh, you have to push a button?
(PERSON3) So, yeah, uh, so [PERSON4], so uh, it would be really great that if we can also, <unintelligible> quickly prepare a demo of the, like just- just one document and see how it looks like, uh for the an- for the annotators.
And uh, then maybe afters- after, like, looking at the, um like, you know, um, uh like the annotated file, if you are busy sometimes, I can also step in, and uh like uh, do the problematic parts.
So some people are working quicker, some people are slower, somebody is kind of, uh more accurate and it takes longer, and someone just goes through, and it's not accurate, but it's extremely quick.
Okay, so, uh, so uh, [PERSON4], um, like, where do you think for the, like, maybe the first, uh, sample uh should be ready, like when we should look for that?
Because I really uh, want to see the sample, so that I can also like uh help you, in some, in some respect, so that it- it uh, we can do it very quickly.
Uh I think- I think it's positive, because, ah, you know, like the various, uh, uh the various pharmaceutical companies that have come up with the vaccines, so, they have, done some ri- rigorous trials, and, uh like [ORGANIZATION2] and [ORGANIZATION3] they are more than 90 percent, accurate, so.
And, uh, another thing is, like uh, I will now, like [PERSON1] has some (suggestion) on the website, so, I will make it quickly and send it to him, so that he can send it to the Scientific Commu- Committee, uh, very quickly.
