the experience was simply disastrous again yesterday.'i need to be logged into, one, of, the machines...
to debug the, that again, for slowness there is just one explanation,'he said.'it's just slow,'said one of the other.person2 has added some files, uh, to the [ project16 ] test set.
these are english, non native, and in the project16.
this is because it is bad that the files are too big to be uploaded to [ project 16 ] this is mainly for the preparation for the domain adaptation, right now.uh, uh, he has set up the project3 by now.
he has applied for it to the dominetration project.
so, he's trying to do that.
he says it's better if people already have that experience do it now.
but it is better if you're already having it.we are not so interested in the old people giving their memories as such.
we are still struggling with the [ organization ]10 ], uh, that is good...
and we have to do it tomorrow, and i will do that,'he said.'i'm still horribly struggling with.
the organization10's demo papers are due tomorrow.we are calculating exactly the way we should do if you see the code.
if we have for example, we consider we should, it should be 200.
but the alignment waits for it saves is for number for example.
we consider it the marginal one...
but it's likely going to be 200, so we should consider it.if you've got time in the afternoon for a call, you'll see all your things in detail in one email to you.
the other paper is the demo paper, which is the paper's demo paper.
if you had any chance to reopen the project, you would like to see all of your things.the paper is supposed to be six, uh, pages long.
it lists everybody...
but it's not too keen on that.
the idea that i have the idea is that we use again a brute force.
i'll email you the link.
if you can't find it, it would be extremely useful.if you, uh, would you have the time to run it in four sessions in parallel, and uh, in a week, it should work.
so, if you'd like to run the system, then you should work on the evaluations first and fore - so for you if you can, you should have to look at the paper.the first alignments on the manually revised dev test are on the way.
it would be like his first paper, uh, anyway, because he's busy with exams.
if you had some time to read the reviews, you would have better chance to finish it in time.could you get in touch with person4, uh, to process all the files that [ person4 ] has for, uh., training data we need.
if we process the files, we need czech - ( person7 ) and uh, they could give it a try...
and start a paper on it.the tool will let an operator define the, uh, part, of the pipeline and how they are connected.
it will be compiled to a batch launcher, or a docker launcher.
there should also be some support for a dock launcher, and the evaluation launcher that would run the pipeline.if you can get in touch with person9, it would be best for you to get feedback from people using our subtitles.
we will need to get some feedback from the people that are using the subtitles and uh, uh, how to use it with the participants and also with the organisers.if you get directly in touch with her, then there is no point in collecting the feedback at all.
if your output is so bad as they were yesterday, then you'll have better working system on the twenty fifth.
if you want to share your feedback with your user, please tell us what is your status.the speaker of the last week's < unintelligible...
has manually transcribed - - uh, uh, and what are their scores on everything, and we can choose the best set up.'i haven't sent them the transcripts yet, because i have to rerun the transcript late,'he said.a new project, uh, aims to test the output of the project1 project.
the project includes the multiple project5, english to czech and czech.
it also includes the shortening of the bleu score, so that we can look at the output ourselves.
the program has to be committed to the project's testing.we can create more robust project4 that is not for refitting any speaker we can read, uh, uh.
the idea is that the end to end project4 models, um, are creating implicit language models within.
it's also possible to create implicit language model models within, uh and uh, as well as using text resources." the big corpora the be the big textural corpora like czech, " says uh, who's str - struggling to optimize the pipeline.
" uh, uh, the big texts are...
and uh, it.
is, uh - oh, like for for the [ project15 ] speech, " he says.
uh - uh : " i'm trying to figure out how to, uh "the project was created by czech project15.
the project has over 50, 000 recordings.
project11 is a black box that can be used to record up to 50 million recordings.
it's not known if project11 will be available in the u.
s., but it is expected to be released later this year.if her [ project11 ] will be active now, she would be hopefully available for to say, uh, what's the split with this.
she's not sure if she should be paid from the project, or if she'd use the same amount from the two project11's.if calculated with alignment, we put the maximum between without alignment and alignment.
" uh, yes, but this is not the same as what i'm asking for, " i said.
" i need to - so that's what i want, and i'll share my screen.
"" gezacht " is a german word that means'gezach'and then'vey long'it means " ich habe " when getting the reference, the verb itself is not expected any sooner than the source verb was uttered.
if the correct translation is correct, it will cash in on the next word.ah, proportionally, uh, the alignment values and the proportional values will all require these words to be emitted sooner than a previous word.
this 1500, 000 words would max out all the words at once, like it they would, but it could be related to the same values." we are maxing out with the previous words, " says person1.
" uh, uh, that's a lot of work, " he says.
if we were able to illustrate this, we would actually replace it with the proportional value.
" i think it should be done...
i don't, know if you have uh, anywhere in your data "the only acceptable reason the translator didn't write this other word is waiting for this one.
it should not lose anything in in delay.
the evaluation would be different if we were producing a spoken output.
it's a different model, uh, uh - uh, at the output.cnn's kat kinsman has found the answer to the question.
kinsman : " i'm not sure if i actually wrote the question down " the question is based on what's in, uh, section on multiple refs below.
the question isn't proportional, but it's not proportional, kinsman says.the formula should be like what is the word " ein " or " eath word " the formula is based on the number of characters.
it should be just the proportion of the characters in " oh das ist " and full stop.
it's not the same, but it is actually confusing and confusing.if you apply the formula to o itself, it should arrive at two, three, four, five.
the formula should be based on only c ( person ) m ) ( person1 ) m ( person6 ) and the number of characters ( 3, 5 ) zero.
the end of the world is like three characters proportionally from two, 0, 4, 5.the formula should arrive at something different, not necessarily this two, according to the formula.
if it is based on characters at the end time of, i - - feel free to switch to persian for now if it's faster.
so why is it different? if it isn't based on the words?the motivation is to use these partial numbers to make use of them.
for example, if it is seventh, for example if they are seventh, it calculated it.
this is based only on the place of this word, and the number of characters in the transcript, and number of words.there is nothing in the paper that would allow people to calculate this.
" das " is actually based on the c, but there is no alignment information.
there are seven words in german and six in english.
there is some in formula, but that's the alignment view.if you put on that formula, you can find an example with the reordering and definitely do it.
if you can repeat one comment just one or two lines ago, you will fix it yourself, or i will fix the other.
i'll try to decipher the wording, but i hope i don't actually need help.cnn ireporters share their tips on how to get through this week's restrictions.
if you still don't have the access ( and ) access, please tell me...
or i might be not available in january to the first of february.
you also have to submit an email to the user's site.there are also these data converters that can be used to integrate profanity filters.
if you're not, you can add you simply to the project3 team.
this is not why it is so slow, but it would take more time to get to the results of your emails.