 So, ehm, from this Monday we can actually go out even if it's not like the necessity.
(PERSON5) Yes, but if you are in the city then you have to somehow get to the forest, so -.
I've link there in the in that Google sheet we have for tricking our like deliverables or stuff -.
So I think that the the two point one, the initial ASR systems [ORGANIZATION6] is not providing in ASR system.
(PERSON6) And for this D7 2 do I understand correctly, [PERSON5], please correct me.
So I think that that that (little) should be like cross reviewed between [ORGANIZATION8] and us.
(PERSON5) Okay, anyway, I'll write something and someone then will review it.
(PERSON1) So this is the WMT 20 [PROJECT1] test you are talking about, or? (PERSON1) So wa- was the August the August just the (low) deliverable of the year 2 test set, is that right? And if it's the machine translation test set then it's the standard (poll) think, ideally documents.
So that we we would really have like there could be a file list cord called year 2 SLT test set.
(PERSON1) Yeah, and I, I have observed that Max apps test sets really quickly to sacrebleu.
So the the file list, and uh, that there should be only 3 at most 3 file lists that are interesting for the general public.
(PERSON6) So I think that for the for the general public there should be just at most 3 file lists.
Eh, so so the so the the one people misinterpret it then someone's results can be like shifted in bad ways.
Then everybody's like each party is affected in a different way, and that's bad for the for the evaluation.
Then indeed, we will ask the people to find these text monolingually and translated maybe back to Czech.
Then and if we test with these test sets then it will be very easy to do the deliverable for August.
Yeah, okay, so so maybe maybe [ORGANIZATION2] has already experience with defending their approach to the users.
Um, I mean we only tested this simulator ASR which talking this morning about trying to get more testing the ASR.
So little bit respect on this, I'm not an ASR person so probably [PERSON2] could  more about this.
(PERSON1) Okay, so if the ASR wait to the end of the sentence before sending his hypothesis.
(PERSON9) We will have our new generation of eh models previously based  transformers finally in direct translator.
[PERSON9], you were saying that with the in the end-to-end SLT which includes transform models now in the new generation.
(PERSON6) Maybe, maybe, so actually it won't be better if you could even create the Doodle Poll with time slots already for [PERSON4].
(PERSON16) I think it's better if we (post) the final this proposal informaly as a Doodle and then ask [PERSON4].
(PERSON13) I, think that probably we if you would like to present to the same thing we should then everything right now put the same set up without the (audition??).
So maybe if the primer language would be German, because [ORGANIZATION2] has good models for this.
Then early next week, we should sent an email to the [PERSON4] to truce, his date.