So when [PERSON13] launches all the target languages, the same for the given the input stream the same ASR worker type is launched as many times as there is sort of the target languages.
The thing is that the what I see in the log file from EB client is that these English ASR or English sound is being converted while a a to, one of the target languages.
Because in my opinion the mediator should, should somehow find an economic solution, also in the ASR route of the path, but is actually that it is not being a specially 90 here, and here.
And there you will see that in four lines, and these info lines are going from English lecture [ORGANIZATION2] hybrid audio to English <unintelligible> English text to English published, and similarly for the for the other languages.
So we dont need any clever optimization of the path of we would need to only like combine the common prefix (PERSON11) I understand, but at the moment that it is not meant to work in this way.
(PERSON12) more to <unintelligible> of the workers (PERSON13) Yes, but and on this wide terminal we see how many, how many ASR workers are available at this moment, there are six, and I 'm going to run it on one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten on on one 30 second audio.
So what i will try is to well, again, keep pinging [ORGANIZATION2] for a for getting this running, and for like providing so many workers that the bugs wont be that severe for the whole system, but does anyone have any idea.
So the client that would get the CTM output from the worker, and then send this CTM to  the different segmentation workers, more get the segmentation outputs already and send a text.
And and it seems that, two of them, no four of them are received identical output to friend and two of them are different, but I think its because there is.
(PERSON12) So the participants notebooks will all be connected to the very same wired network, and we need the URL with RTMP protocol with the stream subtitles to work from for their notebooks.
You are using the in your tests, you are using the real [ORGANIZATION4] presentation platform, and the subtitles are coming from the the Internet while the stream is only copied locally.
And stream just the one we select and not perform all the possible translation and filter just the output of the presentation platform because otherwise it will be really difficult to understand what is going to happen.
So I agree with you that uh, we do not want to have to use different English different versions of English for different target languages, but I think that it is possible.
Uh, uh, [PERSON13] can simply run the EB client twice, one of those who will have connect to the English presentation, using the the round table sound.
But it has no way to to see which the English is which it will simply anyone who connects as little as a worker providing English will be displayed there.
But this is there is still one more topic related, and thats the that the delivering subtitles to interpreters booth, and uh, that is something which will need different English languages the like string, booth one booth two booth three.
So that I will provide you my support during my travel, of course having the when I will have the <unintelligible>, when I'm not flying, and [PERSON9] will not be there so actually we have two, arrive on Wednesday which if possible everything as much stable as possible.
So X1 till X4 should work, [ORGANIZATION4] will add them this afternoon, critical things to fix today + tommorow as test streaming of slides and debug ASR workers and or create multiplexing and I'll call it client, because its actually a client for the mediator.
So that, for example, the output ASR could be an updated hypothesis that your presentation platform would be popping into two parts and showing them one after another.
(PERSON12) Yeah, so could this logic actually be actually remove from the or or disabled, at the presentation platform, a so that the present- <unintelligible> will simply show uh, too long string if if it arrives.
By one by one by one were shorter than the line, so if the presentation platform was simply show me the two lines at the same time.
So in the long term and now we still have the [ORGANIZATION3] team on onboard, in the long term I think that we want to have machine translation as immediate as possible, translating incomplete sentences as well.
Should be delierig well again, we dont know where the logic should, but the segmentation worker should send the whole sentece- well, should send segments, which start at the beginning of the sentence and they should gradually become longer and longer as more ASR output is ready.
And in that case, I still think its beer if the segmentation worker is the one who would be forcefully cutting the sentences, rather than the presentation platform, because then the presentation platform is stuck with like I have shown only something, and I need to show something of the rest the later on.
And then I do not know what to show like its the, Oh, where is the the segmentation worker from the ASR does have access to the continuous stream, right?
(PERSON11) We are going to configure te presenation platform, English as the top priority source language since we are running test with English, but please if you change the test, tell us so that we can put German as top priority and so on, because otherwise we'll not be published i- on the front end the subtitle.
So we expect to be translating or well to be translating mainly from English indeed, so if we happen to to use German or Czech as the source language we'll let you know.
And I think that at this point there is nothing else to discuss, I would like to thank [PERSON13] and everybody else who has been helping him a lot with the debugging and.
Okay, so thanks everybody and please keep trying full load because this is something that we have not suceeded at all, [PERSON5] please let us know as soon as the <unintelligible> or the segmentation within the subtitle presentation is gone so that we can see what it what it looks like.
(PERSON12) Okay, yeah, so thanks a lot and we'll be in touch well during the afternoon and also tomorrow during the times that you have inicated, possibly making another pexip call but its not planned far now yet.
Too bad, <laugh> and are you <laugh> and are you and [PERSON2] available for Wednesday, Thursday and Friday, like possibly all of the time because right now we have as you were not at the call, but you have observed during the mornin that the critical point now is all the workers, its the combination of the non multiplexing in the mediator, and the unreliability of of the workers that puts extreme like demand on the number of ASR workers that are available, and we need you to swiftly restarting them.
I want to be there as much as possible and to restart the workers <unintelligible> as possible, but i can not guarantee that <unintelligible> here at every minute.
(PERSON12) Yeah, soI've asked [PERSON2] in the slack today, maybe you can not see the message, but my idea was that maybe you could setup very simple CGI script or PHP script or whatever, so that we could ping fixed URL and tell it the session ID of a worker, ASR worker which is not functioning.
And what you would do, in the script would be you would know which process ID this ses- this ID corresponds to and you would kill the process and start a new process instead, so that we could initiate the restart of the worker.
I dont how I can make some kind of website available for you over the internet I dont know map our workers to session IDs, <unintelligible> the workers know about the session ID, I guess they do but it might have this.
When they start they emmit the session ID when they get it from the from the mediator, so all you would need to do would be to grab the logs for the given session ID and the workers would need to save their process ID when they are put processing the log.
And to create a webpage that would be accesible for us, its it depends on your setup but in principle you could also run a very small webserver such as Python <unintelligible> or Parallel <unintelligible> that was the thing, and that that has to run on the machine where the workers are, so that like it can kill them and the firewalls must not be in the way, but if we set it up or if you set it up on on high port then you hopefully to get the request from us.
<unintelligible> I have no experience in coding in any web server package, I'm looking at the logs right now and I dont see easily from the logs where were the session ID, no I dont think  we can do this.
But I think it should be easy to wrap them in something, so that you forgot to launch it you will modify the launching script so that the launching script will emmit its process ID.
(PERSON6) We have a workers which all produce log files, <unintelligible> we have here are actually docker container ID is and we can look this is what one of the log files looks like.
So we we have the system that works okay this way, I would prefer to find <unintelligible> the workers not resetting this so much more, for the [PROJECT1].
It will be also be possible to have a script to make restarting one faster but mapping them to session IDs and making the script available online is a lot <unintelligible>, just simply can not <unintelligible>.
But if you could at least make sure that you can restart them with just one command and not like moving to some screen, and and so on, and then looking up which command.
I would like to see, uh, how do you tell a dead worker from a working worker, because I really do not like the idea of you restarting all of them.
So then uh, I'm not like totally asking for uh, for this web interface killing but asking for speed up for you, so that we would tell you please restart worker for this session ID and.
So I guess that if you, <parallel_talk> So there is definitely way in which we could if you launch anything simple on your side then we should be able to reach it.
So if you launch one more simple thing there, that we could get in touch with, then it should work, and I'm now I look up simple.
And I like you would see a message in the slak window, restart session ID and you would just run your own script restart session ID, and it would do the grapping and it would do the killing and it would do the restarting, so it would be one copy paste from slack to your screen and that would save us a lot of worries.
So I'll have to run now, but please prepare, please modify worker so that they show session ID and so that you have a simple script which would be something like restart by session ID.sh and we will send you session ID and yu would only do this, and it would do the right thing, and if you accidentaly run this on the wrong machine, which does not have this sesion ID the worker for the session ID it will tell you: "Well, I do not have that worker, you need to run me on the other other machine."
So thanks everybody I dunno of you want to stay on the call, or but please whoever can please keep debugging with [PERSON13] and speak to you or at least talk, write to you on slack tomorrow.
