the book is out now.
it's the deadline for, um, stop adding new content into the book.
we've got to do...
but not the big to do,'says the author.'i know that [ person ] 20linguality is missing.
but you still have like the many to do things that you have to do 'the problem is that we haven'tt that defined what defines what does it mean to add new content.
" we can just extract it from our paper kind of.
so the other, um, sections are finished, " said the paper that cited there the fact that we ’ ve had a multilinguality.the next week we should, we should - - like if you have a box of chocolate and you just plan to arrange the chocolate nicely so that you...
not adding new content, you.
have still 13, 13 hours to - - which is exactly what it is content.if it's acl paper, it should - shouldn't ask the alters of the paper.'i don'tt know like we definitely need to cited and said that it depends on the licence of each of the papers,'said the writer.'it ’ s like the best i can do,'he said.if it's from acl antology it ’ s just for archive.
it doesn't give me any rights...
it should be ok you say it.
so would need to find if it was published somewhere else?'' it doesn ’ ttweet that this is bad,'said the licence.if we explicitly state it, it wouldn't hurt to have to cite the pa - - page 4.
or figure 2.
so i don't know if you have to list the licence...
it is an atribution and no additional restrictions so.
i would still mention the source.the list includes two, one or two, pictures from the other.
the other is one of the papers.
there are many subsections with no content.
but there are also many sub sections, such as one of two, and one of one of.
the.
other." person14 " is a way of describing event fractuality.
it's strange to the - [ person ] deffinitely say more about events...
but the other ones like gender of nouns - - person21, hm.
that ’ s correct.
it ’ s weird to think there are more papers about name entities." i have it much easier in the, in the hidden states or ( contextual embed ) embeddings people look for lot of stuff, " according to the writer.
" i don'tt know why all, all my pictures are at the end of the chapture, there is some problem...
but some parts are probing but in transformers, it's in transformers.
"" we should devide this, this is what we cannot see it now, " says [ [ or ] person ]21.
[ [ [ person ] ] is on the right...
it ’ s just like a person21's gpt ], hm, hm.the chocolate is already in the box but it needs to be rewritten.
the chocolates need to be, to be - yeah, to stop, the words from overlapping and then that's why it doesn't want to, so if it is not, se we need to regenerate it.the pictures will be changed within the next few days.
this will be written by person2014 and will be edited by person24.
com.
this is the first time the pictures have been rewritten.
it will also be used to make the pictures more or less.
the pictures are not the only ones missing.the first part of the book is written by person 24 hours a day.
it can be deleted and rewritting it to make it easier for users to rewrit.
it's just things that can be added but don't need to be rewritten.
the to do section here can be safely deleted.
the first section is written i guess.the fasttext image is much more, um, similar to the glove that i trained.
it seems much more similar than the glove i trained in the glove's glove.
word2vec is still just noise so i'm not sure what make of it.
click here for all the latest from cnn.if you'd like to like shift the mean of the glove colour scale you might end up with the same image as as, as as they had.
but my point is that the scale is automatically adjusted to show the whole range of colours.
so basic < unintelligible...
and..
we might have used something lumenier just to, just to look it more visible.fasttext shows the structure and the others don'tt.
it's possible for czech, not czech, to do so.
but it ’ s strange that it is strange, but why isn't it happening here?...
and if you like cut of the top and bottom, 5 % maybe it could be different.the figures are not completely the same because the original person2 model had some, um, um.
i.
am.
the figure is that your figure is quite ugly...
it ’ s probably almost the same thing as my figure,'says the figure 24 - year - old.a bitmap image of person20 was created in tix.
it doesn't mean any like what i dontt like here is for example this arrow here.
the code is really terrible...
but yeah.
other then that i don't want the figure when this is here.if we don't change the content of the figures, we can leave the ugly figures to the end.
if we have it in pdf and not pgf, it's ok to change it after it is sent to the reviewers.
if the font change and the, the picture will be same only the nicer and the...
and then i ’ m sure it is ok.figure 4.
1 will be deleted...
in the big cloud will be visible as it is visible now.'i will have to rewrite the cropping thing because that ’ s done on the bit map,'says person20.'we can leave that after - [ person20 ] < unintelligible,'he said.person20 is a bit map...
for, for, 4.
8 which will be english.
it has the same font as a book.
it's one of many ways to update your arrows.
it ’ s a common line.'i would have to install inkscape for that.
'the chocolate is the chocolate chocolate is ( reorder ) in the box.
it says only 170 mb that, yeah, is actually 170 mb.
if you don't see the green lines, then then you need to re - print the chocolate.
it's the only thing missing for me is add pca and ica.writer was, um, searching what were the reviewers of the other, um.
of the previous [ organization2 ] books, we should all all of us.
we should read it all of book and comment it what is missing where and where it is finished...
and where are the problems and other things?the book is based on a book by the author of the book.
it's about the book's main character, who has a background but this is deeplearning.'i was also thinking about the preface dont we need like a real introduction that all the books have?'says the author.the conclusion of the book, books often have summaries in multiple languages so that the conclusion would be something like that.
the conclusion is also something like what is the - person20's equivalent of the person20.'we are.
yeah, what would we put something different into a book summary?'says the author.the books series said that the summary is obligatory.
but i don't think it says more about what should be in the summary or, or so.
it's the only rule that we should have a summary and summary in czech and something like that.
the series is meant to be in every czech book.we can write the summary which is so kind of abstract and - - whether it's the light of the book, it is a book.
if the book is too short it is almost the same size as the book in the series is the light.
we can have a transformer transform into hindo, so how long is - - or what?a new book is out this week.
it's not a book which is shorter than our...
so we have to write it somehow and so it is readable, readable and readable.
it ’ s hard not to introduce new errors when i don't know why i can't introduce new ones.the meeting is planned 12 : 30 a.
m.
( monday ) in two weeks.
it's a meeting of the same person14, but it ’ s also something that is missing.
the meeting will take place at the university of new york on 13th july.
it is planned for the first meeting, and the next meeting is.the meeting is 12 : 30 a.
m., according to the document.
the document says that the meeting will be after in our office.
it says that if we want to meet, we will be sending slack messages.
it's not the first time that a meeting is before.do you plan to watch the acl lectures? if he organised it something that i will join happily...
or what are your plans at organization2? i'm not registered for acl anyway, but my plan is that if somebody else like prepares it for me and says me, sit here and watch this and - after that.the presentations will be broadcast like prerecorded and then the qa will be live.
if you want to prevent like situations one, you can ask questions live on organization1.
there are two time slots for each paper that are registered for the tutorial.
the presentation will also be able to ask questions and, perhaps the others, will get [ organization1 ] link." i don ’ tt know what that is...
i dontt know if it will work ( badly ), so i don'tt care.
" " person21 " is registered and person21 is registered ( person21 ) is registered.
" you ’ ve got to be here in person to watch the same thing and he is registered "if, if, or if we don't have any, we can end this session and...
so see you.
[ [ person ]20 ] have a nice day you.
have a very, unintelligible.
level of noise, but i don ’ tt know how many paralel sessions there are.
[ we need to pay for it and if we can, so what else? '