(PERSON7) Hello, I don't hear anybody yet.
Ehm after we have have had the call on Monday, what is the proposed development schedule.
But her camera is disabled and I don't know if she can speak.
(PERSON11) Yeah, I'm here,I'm here with <unintelligible>

(PERSON7) Yep.
(PERSON7) Yeah, so for partial sentences, I think that they should be treated from the [PROJECT2] prospective as simple simply a different sentences, other sentences that we expected to process.
And we need to- we need to know where to start overwriting.
and the the limitation with this approach is that we can handle only like one single timestamp at the beginning and would be the end of the segment.
How do we present partial translations and partial output.
And how do we make sure that the updates are reasonably well displayed.
And I think that we had something like the textfiled.
(PERSON10) Let's say uhm [PROJECT2] out of the incremental updates must be done.
So, but then the textfield content can be sent several times as an update.
And at that point the presentation platform would like scroll it up, and it would again start displaying whatever comes as as full textfield.
(PERSON7) But the the scrolling the history of previous texts fields would that be supported? Each message is intendent (we) new subtitle.
So, so [PERSON7] ehm needs to discuss with [PERSON10] the updates versus history of text uhm text fields.
So [PERSON10] when you were fighting with your network connection,

I had one question on you.
I will have the <unintelligible> and whether we can start I think it maybe ok.
So so is good that there that many workers now, so I I actually suggest that we try after this c- .
This part of the call to switch to the [ORGANIZATION3] platform, at least with some of us those who are interested, 

and we could see how that works with the workers available.
So I would like to make use of that you spend some time to run them.
So it's the priority of this image is not- uh not high.
I know that in the call yesterday, with [ORGANIZATION3] the workers worked at the beginning.
I didn't attend the yesterday meeting, but the bug that I mentioning is that sometimes the work, one worker can handle several sessions, but then it's, but then it stocks and it doesn't return any output.
I will <unintelligible> us, but yesterday so yeah I don't know what is happening there, because we <unintelligible> when I do know what <unintelligible>prophones it was able to handling several sessions.
The production client-

Yeah, so this is from [PERSON6].
That this point the production client is different from the simple one only by a by-

I change only the default parameters and comment send documentations, and I removed to Windows version.
(PERSON6) But  I'm not sure if [PERSON8] is the rigt persons for it.
Okay,

(PERSON10) But I can be with you with my heart.
And and will be in touch and speak to you next week.