(PERSON9) And there are news that many people ale like dying and the family members are not reporting that.
And people are fearing that a healthy person would get <unintelligible> if - (PERSON12) Yes, aha.
Immediately after the day of the marriage the groom died and - (PERSON12) Ooh.
And eh actually we spoke about the data set yesterday and probably it would be nice if we speak about consents today.
Find the proper nouns the names that we want to change, and then we replace them in both English and and Czech meetings.
That eh are the names kind of common in Czech and English meetings and this approach will work or not?
(PERSON12) So we we had at our institute we developed quite good named entity recognition models.
(PERSON7) Yes, but should we remove them for his part for the data set that you want to publish?
(PERSON12) Even if we eh, uh, these markers special marks it means that the speaker changed.
(PERSON12) Here in brackets you have MI for example or KA and inside the transcript we will have Karen.
(PERSON7) Yeah, if you want to do that, we have to create a map that maps these letters - (PERSON12) <parallel_speech> (PERSON7) to the real names (PERSON12) Yes, yes, it's eh very hard because the transcripts are done by different annotators and the different abbreviations.
Eh, so [PERSON15] - When when acti- when being at the meeting he is extremely active so uh, we can give him a mark.
[PERSON15] ja jenom jsem ti chtela rict, kdybys nahodou mohl, jestli by ses k nam nepripojil na ten meeting.
Je to je to na zoomu eh, a uz jsem te pocitala, tak ti poslu na mail odkaz hned .
(PERSON7) I have the same oh same idea about the words that end with dash, but I just wanted to make sure that - (PERSON12) Yes.
(PERSON12) Eh, in this case, it could be just removed from you is usually - (PERSON7) But - (PERSON12) I'm not sure - So from the point of view of GDPR I could suppose if the word is not finished, it is not the name.
I stop my video just the the reduce the band width again, but I'm also already listening.
At the same time, I think that all the named entities have to be located automatically.
So od- on word type I'm already like doing a fair bit of annotation.
So it's eeh, we can little bit improve the way we're collecting this list so that we also know the surrounding three, four words on each side.
(PERSON7) Yes, so we can remove them and then the words that are kind of gray boxes we can we can just indicate them in the meetings and then let the annotators - (PERSON15) Yes.
(PERSON7) to choose if they are need to be removed or - (PERSON15) Yes, I fully agree with this two step manual eh annotation.
And in the data it would say: this word was suspected to be a named entity but it was  decided it's not one at the type level.
And then that will also allow you to resolve all these cases like [PERSON1] full stop <unintelligible> (PERSON7) Yeah.
(PERSON15) Well, give it to the annotators, because they are they have read, ideally to one of those who has worked with these eh with these transcripts for these meetings.
(PERSON15) Pretend to tap a key or whatever on the plain text file.
So capital N, small W and a question mark as as the first character, and that is  - (PERSON12) So you think they will get a list without context.
(PERSON15) Well, eh what we could do we could say country ID and then two first letters of MT five sum of Switzerland.
(PERSON15) So if you take the MT five sum of of the word Switzerland - (PERSON12) Mhm.
Eeeh, you can copy eh, a few lines from this, paste it to the name tag web user interface, and it will immediately label it for you.
It should be processed through copy paste thing by name tag.
Uh, if it's uh a person 's name that will immediately make me make all occurrences of this in the data as the confirmed eh eh anonymized person's name.If it's geographically entity, again.All these occurrences will be automatically confirmed in the training data.
Question mark if they don't know, and a small W or something like that, which means this cannot be a named entity in any case.
What is not a named entity that will, uh, be labeled in the whole corpus as a not a named entity like, uh, as I said: this word was suspected to be a named entity.But we have decided at the token, uh, at that type level that it is not.So that next time, when we when we do the same thing eh, the this annotation is <unintelligible>So you like without any effort.You get eh, you you don't touch these anymore.
And - (PERSON7) Yes - (PERSON15) the easiest way of doing this is that you process the corpus from top to bottom.
(PERSON7) Yes, I guess for the names that are um kind of question marks that will that would happen based on the - (PERSON15) So I was assuming that you will be running the named entity recognizer only at this list, not at the full text.
If the annotator did decide that MOG can not be a name, which I don't agree with, right, eh eh if he decide it cannot be a name, then MOG will survive in the in the transcripts and .... (PERSON12) Uhm hm.
In that case, we would like fail to preserve the link, and uh, we - So I I suggest to use to rely on one or a pair of of special characters.
And it would be something like speaker, ID equals and then in eh quotes the the anonymized version of [PERSON15].
So when doing the anonymization, I think that you should, uh, preserve the full name like [PERSON6] here on line one.
So what what what should change here is that instead of [PERSON6], you would see opening angle bracket named entity, person, ID equals and now the hashtag of the the so the hidden value that would be used instead of [PERSON6].
And I would like to very much limit his involvement in the minuting and the tool for that, because it's like eh disturbing him from from the topic.
So, yes, [PERSON18] should find the time to uh, to help a little, but mainly to transfer that to [PERSON9], right?
But he should be responsive enough to make the call with you [PERSON9] and eh, and tell you what everything is is where and how to how to run it and what what to modify and so on.
(PERSON15) So this is this is what I was discussing with [PERSON12] eeh so that you in pairs eh, like two people will do some test annotation.
But also choose the number of meetings and eh send us the minutes.
Eh, so one meeting is one hour long and to read the transcript and to create minutes it's a really big work.
(PERSON12) And not about creating annotations but about getting, about taking ready minutes and evaluating them on different ways.
So I don't want - (PERSON2) <unintelligible> (PERSON12) to create twenty minutes myself.
(PERSON12) Okay I give one meeting for two annotator and he mostly needs a week to prepare a transcript and a minu- nad minutes.
