some of my friends are having covid now.
" i don't know what is bad.
i'm getting bored actually now, " says one person.
" stay in the bed and relax.
it's important.
to stay healthy, " she says.
she says she's getting bored now.the google forms for alignment annotations has been updated.
" i was looking through the task that we need to do very quickly for the like for the.
workshop proposal, " says person2.
com founder.
" it may be similar...
but we have to uh set up the website now, " he says.the website of ah, the site should have, uh, the call for participations.
do it in github and do much more timing to, into these things? if it is tough, i would not do it.
i will like uh, but i would like to ask you [ person1 ] and [ person2 ] should comment.you have to show we have a good program committee.
we will resend to people we know and we want to - - but at the same time they will not know that they are summarizing people.
so you can just ask them to do uh, uh, ok, what do you think?more than 20 people have been in the program committee committee committee committees.
the committee committee is set up by the organization's chief executive.
" i don't know, but [ person1 ] told that today google today doesn't work...
i don ’ t know.
why is it? "" uh so the thing is like a for the website we need this thing uh to be ready, " says one user.
" uh, so what does it mean for us? " asks one of the new google documents.
" i think that is it...
like the content, like, the content.
"" i will send you the email draft to [ person2 ]...
i will also copy it to [ [ person1 ] ], " he says.
" we are also doing uh some workshops with < unintelligible >.
" " we have to work extra hard, " says the person2.we need at least one or two people who have a background in summarization.
we have just the results of the experiment.
we need invited speakers on the topic and articles on the subject.
we are just focusing on only one aspect of our work, and that is what we need to do.uh, uh, let's call it an event...
but uh like uh, even if we call it a workshop, it's actually not a workshop.
uh like they did not like responded affordably so they were actually not available.
uh, we have to invite some < unintelligible to some like.i'm going to ask him to be part of the program committee.
maybe he could know somebody for keynote.
he should be, if he agrees, he's a good part of an organizing committee.
i don't know anybody...
but i don't know at all.if it is somebody, why not if it could be someone else? i don't know who could have this talk...
but i don't know who it is.
i will ask him,'if he is available for comment, he will ask'what do you want to ask him? 'the proposal isn't important, but it doesn't have sense to make it clear that we need to take care of ourselves.
" i think we can drop...
and be healthy as soon as possible, " says one person.
" we're totally busy with this proposal.
"