PERSON4 is preparing the paper for the Project7.
The big paper is not going to be with Organizing 7, because there is no data.
PERSON9 and PERSON7 are working on projects.
The deadline for Project5 and Project4 has been moved to Sunday, 7 October.
It's November the deadline for the next project.
People from Organization 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5 are working on it.
They have a data set with a lot of reference translations from English to Czech.PERSON2, PERSON9 and PERSON6 are going to have weekly or bi-weekly meetings for the task 3.4.
There was a meeting last Thursday and they covered everything they need.
PERSON9 is going to dig out the data sets for [PERSON2].
He will talk to him about the progress in person later this week.
PERSON4 will find translators to do the post-editing.(PERSON4) wrote e-mails to Organizing7 about the project, but they didn't reply.
They are waiting for them to tell them the number of people they can afford for the experiment.
They have problems to get volunteers.
They don't have any native English speakersPERSON5 is taking care of the project, but he is leaving the project and he will be replaced by someone else.
The advertisement for the project was not available last week.
People are frustrated because they are expected to provide the speakers and they are not.
PERSON9 will write an e-mail to [PERSON10] asking for help with the work on Project4.
Project4's deadline has been shifted to October 7th, so there is still some time to finish it.
Project5's progressing, but it's still notPERSON6, PERSON7 and PERSON9 are discussing the development of a system demonstration in Organizing7.
They agree that the presentation should focus more on the framework itself and less on the experiment results.
They don't know the deadline for the presentation.PERSON9 is going to write to organization 7 to manage things in Project 4.
They are looking for native English speakers to disseminate the advert.
They need someone who doesn't know any Czech or Estonian.PERSON7 is after a one week vacation, so she's not depressed.
