Uh, so, uh, uh, [PERSON3] would you have any, uh, any explanation, uh, for, the slowness?
So you can, uh, probably replay that and, uh, see what we can do about the, uh, recognition quality.
(PERSON1) So, uh, that is uh, uh, I, don't think that is needed.
So what it should at least explain to him that there is a clear distinction between the [PROJECT2] Archive, which are the interviews with the survivors of World War II of of the Holocaust.
Uh, let us move on to, yeah, uh, the, uh, the idea that I have, uh, discussed yesterday, but [ORGANIZATION4] is not too keen on that.
And, uh, we pass all our training data through [PROJECT12] and other systems in an automated way so that we get the data distorted, uh, um, in the same way as these platforms distort it, and also that we will use a frequency filter to cut down on the hate, on the like high frequencies.
And then we would, uh, either ourselves retrain that, or we would also like happily shift, send the data to [ORGANIZATION4] and ask them to train their system, because their system is is online and, uh, fully integrated.
(PERSON1) Yeah, so so [PERSON3], you should work on the evaluations first and fore- So for you, this is a lower priority I think.
But otherwise I suggest that you, uh, move or give more priority to the the write up of the experiment with [PERSON14], because he will also be struggling.
And the performance was so bad that we really need to like go into this and and try to improve, uh, that.
And ,uh, I'm writing a tool that, uh, will allow an operator to define the, uh, the part, of the pipeline and how they are connected.
And, uh, yes, and uh, so, and then the second item you have in your list [PERSON7].
If the organisers say, that it is it is reasonable to ask such a thing, to get feedback from the uh, from the participants.
You and [PERSON9], you and [PERSON9] if you could, uh, um, could come up with the strategy, like the set of things that we want to offer and that we want to ask for.
Given the quality is pretty bad, uh, we don't want to like, uh, ask the people, to tell us, it's bad, it's bad, it is bad, it's bad, like, it's- We, we need some, uh, some more useful information.
(PERSON1) So please do the, uh, uh, as as I wrote in the email, uh, do the files.
(PERSON1) And also, uh, if Vicky, uh, and and [PERSON3] find out some [PROJECT2] data in the public domain, please add them to the public part of [PROJECT1] test set.
So that the next week same time, uh, you can present the summary, uh, of which, uh, [PROJECT4] systems and which [PROJECT5] systems we have at hand.
(PERSON1) So so you you two, please make sure that we evaluate everything on everything, and we, uh, can choose the the best set up.
(PERSON1) Yeah, so [PERSON16] is the last person, uh, mentioned in the uh, uh, uh, in in the in the report.
So there is something which makes the output 80 percent of the input length and the bleu score, yes, is lower, but just the shorter outflow the lower the bleu score.
But , uh, the idea is that, um, I, um, I align, uh, training data that we have.
We can, uh, for example, alter the distribution of speakers, or and uh, the second, uh, important, uh, gain that may be from this method is that the end to end [PROJECT4] models, um, are creating implicit language models within.
For for, for example, uh, some, some ,uh, some pure uh textual, uh, corpora that we can, uh, we can train on more, um, more texts or so.
So the, so the, so the, um, implicit language model with which inside the [PROJECT4] can be more robust.
Uh, now I'm str- struggling to optimize the the pipeline, because, uh, I, I've  I tried to plug it in the standard training pipeline, but it was too slow.
And, um, and, uh, the problem is with, uh, the big corpora the be the big textural corpora  like Czech.
If I want to create a, uh, like for for the [PROJECT15] speech, uh, text, uh, I'm doing there is so many such manner that.
And, uh, I have, uh, a job running on the cluster that is, uh, constantly, uh, rewriting, uh, new versions of, of, each, text, and, uh, it, is, it.
The the, uh, the job is bit quicker than the training is so-.
Uh, the the training pipeline on, that, private data stood loader within the [PROJECT6], uh framework is a black box and it is quite complicated.
Please talk to her, uh, uh, giving, uh, uh, uh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
So she is giving a talk, uh, this afternoon, somewhere a remote one, uh, but after that, she, she would be hopefully available for to say, what is the status with the [PROJECT11].
Yep, so what I'm illustrating is the, uh, German and English, uh, where the German verb is split into two parts.
And the second part is the content bearing, and ,uh, would get very likely aligned to this, uh, to the late part of the German verb would get aligned to the English word.
Uh, the uh problem I see there is, uh, that uh, the alignment information between set and "gezacht" would bring the early time stamp of the "said" to the late part.
Given the, uh, current max, uh, and [PROJECT15], uh, uh, there it would actually be okay.
Due, uh, uh, uh because the, uh, the proportional position of "gezacht" is at the end of the segment.
(PERSON1) Uh, my question on [PERSON8] and you is now, if we if you are able to, uh, come up with an example so that we would actually replace the.
So, uh, I don't, know if you have uh, anywhere in your data, uh, uh, uh, some such example.
So if you could search for a similar simple sentence, uh, that, that, has, this, uh, alignment, uh, that that would be useful.
If we if we are doing the alignment based thing, then we should follow the alignment and this like maxing, uh, uh, of the linear order progress of the maximisation.
But maxing it with the, uh, with the, uh, with the, like proportional alignment, doesn't make sense to me.
And then I also had the questions for the, um,- (PERSON6) <unintelligible> (PERSON1) Yeah, so there I I 'm not sure if I actually wrote the questions down.
I've done the, uh, uh, the differences between each pair of, um, uh, words, and the differences are not the same.
The formula should be like, what is the value for the word "Ein" or the eath word, uh, uh,  in the table T. So how do we arrive at this three o four.
And it should be just the proportion of the characters in "Oh das ist" And then I don't know whether you do include or do not include design "ein" in the total number of characters from.
<laugh> Uh, so so what you think if we, uh, if we really [PERSON15]ed the simple calculation to something which is based only on the C segment and the number of characters?.
But that's the alignment view, and "das" is not like perfectly aligned to, uh, to this, uh if you look at it, proportionately.
Uh, that would be, uh, better, uh, there will be, uh, one that would show the alignment, (PERSON6) Just one more thing [PERSON1].
