(PERSON4) Everybody is busy,


so let's make this very quick.
So great that you are ready to start calling.
(PERSON1) Okay, okay, ehm,


I refuse the [ORGANIZATION3] tutorial,


I have taking a look at the some work <unintelligible>.
One reason is that we don't have the time to to fix the cashing client,


or it's reliable and all that.
When I 'm looking at the outputs of of the ASR,


it's not complete sentences,


but it's closing off every now and then, 


so how does this work? (PERSON5) The ASR does not close sentences at all.
<unintelligible> is continues sequent <unintelligible>


(PERSON4) Okay.
And there is-


you see individual words there, uh, 


in the vertical format, so that one word per line


and the time stamps, 


yeh, 


so the the question is,


which approach should we take as the input for for [PROJECT2] client.
But the ASR signals is explicitly, but come a time when the when the sentences markets final 


And that will also <unintelligible>


(PERSON4) Yeah, so what do-


in general if we run the the segmentation worker,


if you run pipeline and if we look at the outputs of segmentation workers,


we should train our empty systems to work on all the individual lines that we are getting from these.
And some of these lines will be complete sentences.
(PERSON5) Yes,


I 'm-


I 'm not train with these system myself I think we're in the process of doing them,


but my intuition would be do not put too much emphasis the incomplete sentences.
So hopefully I'm now sharing my screen, 


if you yes, 


and this is this is the output that we get that we got at the last conference, 


the mock conference with the interpreters.
So uh, 


is this the type of input that our empty system should be ready for,


which is starting in the middle of a sentence, 


having full sentence.
(PERSON1) Sorry, [PERSON4], why does segmentation change, though it it sort of- it has.
So the problem is that if we have from these.
We need to ask [PERSON2], 


or someone from [ORGANIZATION1] to validate these locks to to help us create a reliable locks from the ASR workers,


so that we are seeing what we are supposed to be seeing,


and this should include timestamps.
And it will have only the baseline that I just described for the workshop.
Okay, 


so please tell us next week then,


please tell us next week.
(PERSON5) I don't think so just- there will be another <unintelligible> I changed <unintelligible> the whole structure and we will continue deployment there.
Yeah, [PERSON2] is  empty that's on a German to English, 


mainly because the the English ASR will be a uhm,


so so then, our main input will be the English ASR 


or one of those from the rich speakers,


the secondary, like the fall back input could be from German to English, 


and then I would indeed ehm rely on the [ORGANIZATION3]  platform to do to do the pipoting.
So this is something where [PERSON9] and you should coordinate.
So than [PERSON5]


can you very briefly say about this, 


because we were discussing this ehm, what is your idea.
Looked to one of the the top as SLT systems in last year 's <unintelligible>, 


and they were using this technique as-


It was only one aspect of their systems.
So this is this is something that you are probably already doing so uhm for this.
And then we can use this segmentation with uh the paralel data to change the paralel data,


so that are segmentation mimics what the what the segmentation workers is doing, 


and this would be the uh, the data for fine tuning the empty systems.
It would be useful, 


but we could do it,


ehm, even say, would be extremely useful for you to see the whole thing in in practice, 


because the last person we had here were [PERSON3].
So we would like to as the users at the end of the client, 


would like to say,


we want to build this pipeline, 


but avoid this particle worker, 


because last time it didn't work for us.
(PERSON9) Maybe this afternoon in order be more prepared on Monday.
(PERSON4) Yeah,


we will apply <unintelligible>


[PERSON10] is responsive,


I know though we we just email him, 


and then get him on on slack.
Okay,


so thank you very much for your time.