as the new year is king of expected, i'm back to work and that's when i'll be here in few seconds.
i'd like to disconnect first, but i need to, uh - uh - - figure out my sound settings first.
so now i've been back to working and that actually improved my mood." we want to cut this shortest uh, uh, so yeah, so hopefully that will work out " the holocaust survivor's session has been postponed by a month.
the project3 project is scheduled to be the holocaust survivors'session and the project is still in the works.
it's not the first time the project has been delayed.i'm happy to see [ person ]5 here as well...
and i've answered whether you'd be available as a back - up.
i ’ m going to the [ project3 ] event3 tomorrow, and that will take place, in the [ [ project 3 ] ], and otherwise.cnn asked person5 to be available as a back - up person in february.
it's been moved to the 26th of february in february, and will be available for the project2 event.
if you want to put up the table as html, it might be difficult to prepare for changes.some start up company that offers, uh, accounts for academic purposes for free.
this would be useful, especially for people outside of organization 3.
it would also be useful for those outside of organizations such as organization8.
this is a way to make sure people don't have to use the public web." i think of the one point five, uh, uh.
that's a good metric, " says person3.
" we are reporting the numbers of words, so...
and the statistics about the transcript percent, " he says.
he says he's now working on a demo paper that is due next friday." we wanted to get an idea about, uh, the conversion, like the world ratio of two languages for a given transcript " ( person1 ) ( person3 ) would also be helpful...
and we should add, uh.
to complimentary metrics, uh " " uh, uh ( uh, ) uh, what was it for? "uh, uh, here are an explicit list of things that must not appear in the output.
uh, this involves manual preparation of the reference, so this could become an [ project8 ] part of the railroad's project8 domain...
it is also likely to get some dictionary.if we improve our segmenters our score should be higher than what we are getting.
if we improved, we could also ask [ person3 ] to extract -...
or we could ask [ [ person ] 13 / 13, but that's a problem,'he said.if we are happy with the way of delay is being calculated, we need to get some delay scores for some of the files from the project1 test set.
the plan is to put this into the regularly produced tables, but now don't do it for all of them yet.the deliverables was not a spoiled christmas break for any european person.
however, it took time, and we need to work this way before the deadline is approaching.
let's keep in mind that evaluation is something which takes time and not for the deadline.
we need time allocation for this, and hopefully it will be less stressful.project2 is a project that aims to get project4 running for the first time.
project4 will be in czech, right now, but not in czech.
it's possible to use some of the system to get the project running.
the project is currently on the way to the start of the project.the goal is to have the baseline, and then to do the word uh, cutting thing.
but at the same time, it would not be good as a system for deployment.
i'm pretty sure the common voice alone would be too small.
it would be good for comparison purposes, but it wouldn't be good.the search organization document14 has already provided links to project14.
the link, uh, to deliverables in some way, is already available.
it's not known which document it is, but the one one is already published.
the other is the one that is available in the u.
s.project1 is a project that can be outside of the project1 database.
it's also a part of the mastermind's masters thesis.
it can be used to create non - native speech, uh - huh, and other languages, as well as languages.
the project is free to download and is open to download.the most up - to - date version of our remote < unintelligible.
( person7 ) has left...
and we need to make sure it is stored.
it can be used by anyone in the team, or from the beginning.
the sounds of the sounds were removed, so we can take this model." i'm happy that we have not missed this...
but i'll probably talk to him on monday, " says person7.
the call with the message should continue right after this call, so please include me with the mail so i can add it to my calendar.
if there's anything very important, i think i don't have anything.this week, he released the corpus of project9.
he has a model for czech, german and english which kind of works on youtube videos in euro parliament.
he will also be training the project5 systems if he is to be replaced by someone who can train the same way as him.we are aiming for the end of the month deadline with a subtitler study paper.
the project includes multiple sources, multiple channels and multiple channels.
it's not the first time we've been aiming to integrate it with other project projects, but it already involves multiple sources.we need to ship the audio to the english ( project5 ) and the czech ( czech ) project 5.
the project7 tool will be preserving these texts and also following the time stamps of other _ _ noise.
it will be preserved in the three language channels.
it would emit either either silent or correct [ or correct ] ] noise.if our [ project10 ] models were multilingual, we should have multi lingual, uh, project5, or multiple [ project5 ] ] with this language id would not even be needed.
if it supported different source languages and they were translating from any of these languages into english, then from english would go into all the languages.if it's a project7 or uh, it should deteriorate too much.
the machine was translating spanish to something that only it knows and no one else knows.
it was eventually translated to german and spanish, but it proved to be more efficient than it was.
the computer was able to translate spanish to english.if your data is more available through english, it's better to go directly directly.
if you have good data for the direct language pair, you're better able to directly translate from one language to another, withour using english as a derivatory language.
the direct bilingual models are better, uh, or uh, than output, that are pivoted.the ladder climbing is the most urgent thing now.
thank you for your suggestions on how to use the language id in their document.
the ladder climb is the best way to get to the end of the year.
it's a way to start, uh, and then start, so that's what you want.