(PERSON3) Uh, yeah can you, can you drop [PERSON1] your message over the phone that we are already online.
Uh, that means that we will lose a pe-, the person to prepare the data.
And for these context dependent, uh,- (PERSON2) Uh-, I don't understand at all what you are talking about.
(PERSON3) So, uh, [PERSON2]- the ma- The agenda is in the master document so if you can check the Coffee Meetings.
(PERSON2) So five- <unintelligible> (PERSON1) 0 eight- So I thought, I know that I have discussed this with [PERSON5].
And dependant then, mhm, um, insert type level annotations into xml mark-up of the documents.
Annotate at word token candidates in context of the sentence, or perhaps in, um, each occurrence.
This word was suspected, an NE marked as unclear at type level.
(PERSON2) He, he asked me to make a copy of his document not to delete the lists so so-.
You should find out the notes on this, uh, that we will stick to the name tech hierarchy.
So that is the standard distinction from lexicographers work types and-.
(PERSON2) Maybe I don't understand this entire world type level.
To do like the bulk processing of the documents and the insertion of the annotations into the Xml and things like that.
Actually, I do not really need to finish the annotation, because this is some procession that's-.
Yeah, so this is, the the typos in named entities are mainly because the people do, the annotators not knowing the correct spelling.
I think that [PERSON5] did not use name tag because he needed to collect this list quicker.
He used name tag so there is, uh, quite a big chance that if Martin creates this list, it would be shorter.
I don't think that the program included all the words beginning from c[PROJECT4]tal.
(PERSON1) And what is an unresolved problem as the identity of NEs, um, preservation and now well-.
Uh, we do want to hide the original name of the person.
So there there will be a lot of gaps in this type of output, but I think it's for the sake of time.
I don't think that the data set for the purposes of summarization will suffer much if we if we-.
So actually, our main worry is that some true named entity will leak into the data.
And in that case, that probably falls on [PERSON3] for the programmer parts, I'm I'm afraid.
So that means that you may need to offload some of your , uh, the what- modelling ideas or to [PERSON4].
Uh, but it has to be a skilled person in in this, ah, like text processing.
(PERSON2) Leave English, German, Czech and don't mix it up.
And then, the other thing that [PERSON2] needs to discuss with [PERSON7], uh, is the consent forms.
The first constant form created, which agrees with, uh, kind of working with our data.
Uh, to have the permission to publish the data in the anonymous form.
And the first one will be on the content to process the data and deidentify it with the forcing goal of publication.
If- Uh, so with um kind of preli-, openly said, if we really need all these samples for people we are sure about, like you and me, [PERSON3] and so on.
And the easiest way I see to skip is to prepare the data set fully de-identified already.
So as soon as we have the corpus, clean, uh, removed the named entities.
And with the consent form sent to Jane or Mary we will say: "Based on our records you were a participant of this and this meeting.
(PERSON3) I think we can-, Uh, what we can do is, like we create a master sheet.
And when we, uh, know that people will be again opening these files, every gaze to that It's crowd- It's like, it's crowd sourcing essentially.
Every gaze into the data set gives us an opportunity to spot other things that should have been anonymised.
We will see, maybe there will be no more, uh, outstanding pieces of information that need to be deleted, but maybe they will.
So that we can put it online as to the prospective participants of the task at the beginning of February.
(PERSON1) So please put this de-identification procedure and this check with the consents on the time scale.
And there is like, uh, a little bit of time soul to handle any issues.
(PERSON3) So we write the data de-identification from the participants by February end.
But I think that [PERSON2] will be finished with the work type level annotation, uh, well, in two days.
This should happen, uh, by the end of by the mid of February at the latest.
So, uh, like like, like the people we know, they will quickly give us consent, right?
From [ORGANIZATION10] I don't expect anyone to be in any good position for, uh, serving on this.
This can be done later but at the same time do you have any key note speaker in mind for this summarization?
Uh, so I think we should try those people as the key note speakers.
(PERSON3) We can delay these <unintelligible> So let's start writing the emails, uh, two prospective people here.
