The experience yesterday was disastrous.
The files were too big to be uploaded to Project 10 and Project 16.
The recognition quality was bad.
The recording from yesterday was badly recognised and it was also slow.
PERSON1, PERSON3, and PERSON12 are in touch with [PERSON13] for the text files for the domain adaptation.
PERSON1 wants to talk to him again about this.
(PERSON1) and (PERSON3) are joining the general call.
Person 6 has a dentist's appointment in one hour.
Person 8 has demo papers due tomorrow during the day.
People 6 and Person 8 will be here after the call.PERSON1 and PERSON8 will have a conference call in the afternoon.
PERSON1 will write down the answers to the questions that PERSON6, PERSON5 and PENPERSON8 have for the papers.
The first one is the demo paper.
The second one(PERSON1) wants to learn how to do some scripting of of user interface in Project8.
(PERSON5) is working on data preparation of the organiser's corpus, he's running the first alignments on on the manually revised the Dev test and he wants to(PERSON1) wants to start a paper on the <unintelligible> study.
(PERSON5) Thanks to Project7 for the suggestion to use [PROJECT7] audio codec.
Next Friday there is going to be a conference about Project 2.
There will be non native English speakers there and they will need subtitles and transcription.
The conference is on the twenty fifth on January.
There is a simple tool that you could adapt but it is missing a description of how toThe quality of the outputs is bad.
The speaker of the last last week's seminar hasn't been manually transcribed.
Vicky and Vicky should focus on the stand alone one shot of things.
PERSON16 developed a shortening system for English to Czech.
He's the last person mentioned in the report.
The bleu score is lower because of the shorter outflow.
People need to be committed to the new evaluation campaign in the test set evaluations.
PERSON4 is able to generate recordings.
He needs to improve the training pipeline in order to train on more texts.
PERSON1 wants to be paid half and half from the [PROJECT11] tool.
He wants to talk to [PERSON17] about it.
She is giving a talk this afternoon.
(PERSON6) and (PERSON1) explain to each other the difference between alignment and proportional values of English and German sentences.(PERSON1) will write the paper as if they are doing the alignment based thing.
(PERSON6) recommends to max out the sentence with the previous words.
There is a recent paper about the speed of the text to speech.
(PERSON6) There is another reason why the translator should write all in one line.
PERSON1, PERSON6 and PERSON8 have a problem with the number of characters in the text they have to divide into words based on their length.According to the formulas, the end of the world is three characters proportionally from two, 0, four, four and four four zero.
But it's based on the words.Some words can be deleted afterwards.
For example if they are <unintelligible> that-.(PERSON6) will finish it after this.
(PERSON8) will do also the evaluation on the test set and the <unintelligible> so he can see the outputs.
PERSON6 is going to work on the paper.
