the recording has already started, as i see.
( person12 ) is a member of the person12.
it's ok.
i can hear you and see me right? ( person ) is on the call as well...
and there is also [ person12 ] ] does we need to share camera as well?we will send you a link to google form, where you agree to be followed by all the things you need to do.
this is the latest document, which is now becoming very important.
it will be released on thursday and will be on thursday.
this will be the first time we will hear from person21.we must synchronize ourselves because no more people do the same thing.
we need to synchronise ourselves so that people know, what others are doing, and they nicely, well like a collaborate, in the sense that no work is done twice and so one.
this has to be converted to plain text only.after we do this summary, we can spend the rest of the half hour for planning.
the next event will be held in english.
the domain of competition fix, that there is tools...
will be the.
next event, for which we should like to try the domain adaptation surge.if we have something adapted for < unintelligible...
this domain, then even better.
if we're remotely present, we could again use it.
this is my summary, and i can say, what i have been doing since a week ago.
i'll do this tomorrow, or i'm going to do it tomorrow.the englishenglish segment of person2 is in - coming days, and integrates the two english and czech segmenter.
it's time to recollect again...
and try it to work next time.
you can't wait to see the full interviewer's results.the " organization6 " interpretation of interpret spoken language was created by person12.
it's a epic [ organization6 ] interpretation corpus and europarl - st.
" we're trying to do your part, and i'm not doing any further work from this.
"the main project, until 6th march, is't is t is multi - source spoken language translation research.'all the data that you have gathered, would be used to retrain the asr models,'said person12.'we need to somehow include them in the surge of data that we are training ourselves 'person20's main goal until feb 6th deadline is to experiment with multiple < other _ noise > translation.
if this is successful, then it would be great contribution.
if it works, then this is something, which we would directly use in the surge afterwards.
if we see an improvement from the additional sources, then we would direct it to the surge afterward.if you manage to test the compression, that hopefully was somehow proposed by [ person2 ] ] person23.
the compression was not on the monday, but another option would be to tell [ person23 ] how to run it.
" i was unable - i didn't find time to deal with the current - my current pipeline, " says person23's creator.we can take a - any of the monday seminar revised transcripts and then check the word error rate and let's see, how it goes.
we can also do a compressed pipeline and again check that error rate is not possible.
this is not the first time a person has been asked to do this, but it's more important.the organization4 congress is working on a framework to help the congress'congress.
if the compression is not effecting the asr output that should be a really good thing, then have a look and tell me which topic you would like to work on.
for example, if we had a problem of segmentation, the segmentation in the difference part, could shouldn't need.we can segment both of them, but the problem is when we want to calculate delay.
we have a reliable tool to evaluate submissions in the shared task.
we are running at iwslt is directly aimed at helping [ project4 ] in the organization 4's congress.it will be testing the performance of our base - line system and measuring the quality of the data.
person12 will know everything about the data, whether it is accurate or not.
the system will be tested by the congress of the organization4 congress.
it will also be tested in the u.
s.
and australia.in the one link 22 languages data available, there is a - a - link already available.
the link is already available for monolingual languages, 42 languages.
there are 42 languages in 42 european languages : 42 european and 42 african languages.
the other link is " unintelligible " and " unrecognisable "most of the data is available online, especially from random file formats.
but we need to download all the document formats, especially pdfs, that are hard to process.
it would be a big pitty, if you did it twice, but you need to convert it to corpus styles.if you're in touch with [ person15 ] you use both ( person12 ) and ( ( person11 ) to process a huge collection of files...
can works pdf < unintelligible >.
the tools would be would be the same.
for example, the most of the tools like g - or for german, can work pdf.the iwslt test set, or test set and test sets, is available on amazon.
com.
it's part of the organization4 congress.
person15 is working on a test set that's spoken language translation from english into two languages of our interest only.
the test set is spoken language translated from czech and german.we have also [ person ]21, who'll be running the regular evaluation tool by e - [ person10 ] ] in the end.
the test set is stabilized, and there's also information about where the actual installation is in the cluster because you have to use custom environment.
" it's the - on - the - spot test, " says the director of the organization.we are working on onlinezation of my asr.
we are going to implement a back translation in the next week.
we need to find tune systems to be deployed by wednesday.
the first time we can use these systems is the talk by person16 on wednesday.
if this is feasible, we will need to deploy it by wednesday, and that's when it's not feasible.a plan for the project1 system is being developed in the u.
s.
it's hoped that the project will have better [ project1 ] systems as as a good thing.
but there is an important evaluation request for the system to be developed.
the project is currently in the pipeline and will be available in the coming months.we have only the transcript we don't have the translation.
we will interest in in.
what is integrated into our speech processing pipeline...
and that is what is that.
it could be [ project1 ] by [ person20 ] with the missing letters in it.we have some own data on [ [ person16 ] s ] talk...
that's what we think of unintelligible,'says writer.
we will decide on wednesday whether to deploy the system for the event.
" we have a source audio, that ’ s the one, that.
is [ person ]16, " he says.the - in - depth translation tool is available on google's website.
it's a tool that can train the segmenter, like english and czech segmenter.
if you can get the first amount of data and after that, the tool should be ready.
the tool is expected to be ready by wednesday.the next week, i'm not available on thursday and friday.
if there's no further talk then, we'll meet on thursday.
" thanks, thanks a lot to all, " i said.
i'd like to talk to someone else, so i'll get the session on wednesday.