the amplification should be reasonable.
the problem is that [ person1 ] will not be available for this call...
and can you see me?'' i don't know how this is possible,'says person2.'i haven't heard from [ person ] before,'he says.cnn's kat kinsman is the only one who is talking on pexip now.
she's the only person talking on the screen.
kinsman : " it's what you should be seeing now...
we have all the languages running " she says : " we have to test - test german worker and [ person ] one of the commands "asr processing is done two times now, and it will be done three times with the german one.
the same asr process is done in the same way asr.
this is the set - up of two segments, which will be used three times.
this will be the set up for the workshop, which runs until september.german asr will run the german empty, english to german, german.
the german can run it with the other mike, the weather is for the second mike.
it's not the first time the german is running it, but we should be testing it.
we should also run the other one for the other, asr." it looks - looks - good, " says person9.
" we can try something, something...
something " " it's not too bad.
we've got to be some, some prodution from your polits, yes, what time i'm talking about? "" we are solving another issue, with presentation right now, " says person8.
" it would be nice if you wrote the conclusion from this discussion, from this observation to the doc.
" we will...
( person8 )'s notebook and the think is this hd button full motion presentation "the hd icon is second from the uh, right on the list of icons of pexip.
the icon has hidden away away from the full motion icon.
it's the second of the icons to be added to the list.
the list includes icons such as " i don't think i'll make it " and " no, no "the hd button is the thing that will let you see what is happening on the web.
it's like faster than normal, without this delay.
but in pexip screensharing, you see an update only every two seconds.
if you're talking to someone, you'll see what you are saying.if you're following a - if you are seeing your screen this it's probably the best idea.
if anything is bad we need to trace one step back and see if it was good and this step back or not.
the first issue of the test will be released today.we need to send one audio for each output language.
the multiple imput request function functionality sends two audios.
it could also ask for multiple eh translations that want in to receive the english translation and the french translation.
" it's really nice to have it, " says one user.this is not optimal and managing such logic in the presentation layer.
it's not optimal, but it bounces along with the usages to the key worker.
if it doesn't change just how important it is to manage it, it'll be a bit of a waste of time.the off set value is probably the one who will contain the key of this solution.
we are reasoning about it.
we will probably find the solution.
please update me.
or if you were referring to this problem, please update you.
please make a separate bullet points here.the empty worker could save the uh, the graphics card, or whatever the cp use, time and could cash it in.
" if it's recieve something twice, the whole sentence should be like a -.
it should not be trying to be clever, like the pushing the problem downstream "asr worker double checks it's output and never sends the same string ehm.
if longer sound segment happens to lead to the same text message, this update should not be sent to the subsequent empty worker.
the final hypothesis they create from this is the identical string, if not real update." i run a test with the english asr, maybe it's me, " says person7.
" we could have some discussion so that i would be stoking only once a while, " he says.
" i'm now talking to the microphone...
i should be the one talking more "the german asr was working while agonising on a project while ago.
the german are now working on a subtitle for the google doc.
here are some of the german's most memorable phrases.
click here for all the latest from cnn's docs.i can't share my screen with presentation.
i'll share the platform instead of you.
so you can share your platform instead.
click on them, enabling subtitles and subtitles.
you can choose more, with four buttons for configuring the languages.if we have the m3u8 url we can test this now as well.
if we can extract [ person12 ] to use the vlc in some way...
we should be able to ship the screen, right now, right.
here's what we need to test today.project2 is a repository of project2 to upload at least that part of the webpage that runs the.
at least the web page that shows the video of the video.
it's important for the czech, czech and czech people to send it to utf8.if you click the hd button which you may have or may not have, you'll stop presenting for now.
" i don't know how how to i.
maybe i need to stop sharing, " says person7.
" it's what we would like to set up a.
uh..
notebook, " he says.a worker is completely transparent, but as a kind of processing it publish subtitles back exactly as he has received them.'i'm going to write it in the slack channel...
it's dd, an eu pub,'says the user.'we could use it in a way like this,'he says.we don't see it in the presentation platform yet.
it's strange, why it ’ s not working.
here's a look at what's the difference between the two...
and what i'm saying in on [ person1 ] s ] screen.in the in his windows laptop it isn't displayed anything even if i run it in chrome, but on my linux desktop it works well.
" i'm not also not able to see anything in my - ( person ), " says person99 ( person7 ) in his browser.there's still a lot of work to be done to test the multiple publication < unintelligible...
but should be pretty transparent? we have to leave behind sentences in the same way as if it's the java integration that's coming in without empty worker.'i'm not quite understand the logic in the asr,'says person9.person1's main goal is to test it with full number of input.
this is something we should probably plan to test next week.
it's fine to test the full pipe...
but probably won't be available to - - it ’ s fine,'says person7.we are actually starting and nine with the preparations on friday, " person7 " you are available on friday or not.
if we try to run all the target languages, it's likely all the workers will be running.
we should come up with the set up that runs the asr and connects all the machine translation into all target languages.the organization5 people can leave now, thank you for your time today.
it could happen at the very first laptop, that does the sound recording.
if it is, then it will be like creating new models and improve the underlink set up.
it's not to me, but i'm a little bit worried that there will be no time for improvement.we don't have access to the streaming from vlc that works for you.
we should try to mimic this...
but it's still confusing to me.
so, if you click play on the bunny stream, it doesn't start at some time, it does not start.we have a playlist of all the currently available chunks - bit of chunks.
this is the reason why you are able to skip in time.
you should work exactly in this way, as well as when up is already running.
you can download these chunks and plays them on your side.google, firefox anywhere and google chrome on windows.
if you're lucky, you'll join the call if you have any questions.
if we've found out, we'll try to wrap up, and make transcript or summary of messages clear.
we're not sure if this is already happening, but we'd like to know if it's already happening.google's presentation platform is in the ehm integration process.
the presentation platform has to manage character font size, and number of words displayed.
it's not yet clear what is the current handling of the language, but should be pretty transparent.
google has not yet tested the multiple output, but is working on a new version of it.the administrator in pexip, ohio, is not able to use the url to access the - ( ( person7 ) url.
you cannot add my admin now...
but it's not possible, so what - - you can provide you a snapshot.there will be the default languages displayed in the front page of gmail's gmail dot com.
the default language is czech, polish, hungarian, what else? it's in the google doc if it ’ s clow down.
here are the main languages that we are aiming at, that we're aiming at.if we add dash pub it will be grabbed by the worker for the presentation platform.
if they misregistered the worker, we should have the map anyway.
we need the map because it's different institutions who are starting the different workers.
the map is the first step in the integration process, and it is now like poppin - pokin.in order to have the list of all workers the map is needed for the overall connection, which is what we need to know.
if we don't have the map, the path would not be accesible.
if there is a worker connected to the mediator, there is no way for us to change it's fingerprints.bridge worker is not available this information.
he updated the backend smt worker so there was no logic in order to change fingerprints to worker.
" i'll try to create a new google drawing document.
google drawings, that's it...
and we haven't discussed this, " he said.cnn's kat kinsman is looking at the fingerprints map drawing now.
kinsman : " it's really important for me to be here in order to check [ unintelligible ] documents drawing now? " " it would be better if you could put all the fingerprints of languages that the presentation platform responds you next to him "idea is to add just a minus pub to language - ( plus pub ) it's simply too stupid, and italian is different, so we need the full list of languages that we need to cover.'i can, yeah you found it.
you can use it now...
and we need cscz pub 'the home page includes more languages available now.
it's not acting to the worker, but backend also needs to know about them.
the worker can connect to the mediator, and the path will include the worker's handwriting.
the user will be able to access the user's contact details.the user browser is the client browser for the ehm spanish language.
there is no way that any spanish can appear here until [ person1 ] runs a pipeline which will end with spanish pub.
the company has just to configure all the required required workers and let them run it.the developmenting of the eu, for example, is asking me if you're running linux, ok, i won't.
we have the names of the participants...
or the names if they sound french, then we have to do the french eu pub.
we're not sure if we ’ re running windows ten.a problem with windows has confused me.
i'm to nlt connection and that should not be too many firewalls in the way.
if i have bigger screen, then it's probably related to firewall we have to check it, says me.
" i was wondering if i had bigger screen? "the full screen mode of the web browser from my pexip.
com.
it's not sufficeable default screen mode, that's the question.
" we would like to make use of the space of the screen, " said person99.
" i'm not sure if i ’ m, i'll stop sharing my screen...
i ’ ll stop it "for the workshop in two weeks, it's more important to have it optimized for the desktop rather than the mobile phone.
so, what's it on the desktop is probably the wrong way, so the bugs work yes, it would be better to rotate it.the shortest version of this request would be to not limit the with of the slides rectangle on the desktop.
if you like to have a bigger video screen text, it would be ok to use the full width of the screen text.
but for the mobile phone usage it's easier to use than the web.the problem is to let still the subtitle to be displayed.
it's not the idea presentation platform is for the presentation platform.
but there is some logic in your set up, such as the bare bones which has the text thing, like the logic that converse the words to where is that being displayed.the clie - console client presentation platform was created by person99.
it works by showing the text in terminal window.
if it's not published, it could send back the subtitle directly from the client running.
if you're working on the presentation platform, it'll be helpful for us to use.the most important thing for now is the map of the fingerprints.
we need everybody to check that their workers are like signing themself with the right, with right fingerprints.
when it's sufficiently stable it will be deployed on asure, asure.
when the phone will be fully operational, we'll ask everyone on the call.the goal for monday was to test more languages in presentation platform.
it will be what would be the date on monday.
it's not sure if [ person ]2 ] is here...
or what was the - ( ( person7 )? )?.
i'm not sure whether [ [ person7 ] was here ] if he can hear us?we need to clear up the google document this one, so that we know what is happening.
we also need a break before the main...
and we start packing things here.
so what is it, this is very good, like i'm not really relieved yet, but it's good.