I, now I, I, I get, got rid off the, like the to do sections at the end of the section so I can figure it all the papers that I want to refer to somewhere.
[PERSON14] I, I, I can, I can share the screen.
So I guess the paper that cited there the [PERSON17] <unintelligible> for the multilinguality this is what we´ll kind of appear there and yeah.
Like I don´t know if you have a box of chocolate and you just plan to arrange the chocolate nicely so you´re not adding new content, you´re just rearranging what´s already in the box.
So I opened the paper in Inkscape and I degroup it and I saved just the image into the file and <unintelligible> png.
Yeah, I actually don´t know like to rules like, I think it depends on the licence of each of the papers.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Hm, hm, hm, hm.
And should we, I don´t know, explain that somehow like that the licence allows that or I don´t know what the (nakl) licence is like.
[PERSON20] Like even what page of the paper it is and, and, and under what lesson it is.
Because in my, in my, in my chapture I (like) the matter the, all the, of the figures will be, will be ours.
I, I plan to generate the picture from, from tabels which are in the, in the, in the papers so, so it looks better.
But I, I also plan the include one of two, one or two pictures from the, from the other papers.
[PERSON6] Yeah, yeah.
I didn´t want to put through it just other but then it´s true that I don´t know where to prove it like these are syntax but, but the the other ones like gender of nouns -
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, in the, in the, in the hidden states or (contextual) embeddings people look for lot of stuff, um, yeah.
[PERSON6] Hm, hm, hm, hm.
[PERSON21] Yeah, I, I think it can be some box that you can because to, to like put it some box -
[PERSON14] The other some like pdf and I think so I, I (need) to, um...
This will written by [PERSON24] and I, I have rewritten some, some parts so that it more fits the, the book.
I have rewritten a bit the 5.3 but, um, is still, there is still missing the last, last part of this and some discussion o-, on this part so there is still missing something and the end of this sub-, subsection.
Yeah, today morning I wrote or today night I, I wrote this conclusion but yeah, I don´t know.
So this is more or less written but yeah, some parts still need to be rewritten and, and the pictures may-, must be done better.
The first part is written I guess and I´m sure that it would, um, like I´m sure that, um, it would benefit from further reading and comments and rewritting and so on.
And yeah, then there´s this 3.2 which I´m not sure if it belongs here or what to do with it but I think we can decide that at the end.
I, I promised that I will, I will, I would, I will move fast of my introduction of my chapture to here as well because these, these are, these two texts are very, very similar.
[PERSON24] You can see the, the bands here and the bands here in the FastText´s image are similar.
[PERSON20] But, but my point is that if you, if you would try to like shift the mean of the Glove colour scale you might end up with the same image as, as they, as they had.
So in the end the only things left for the to does is the, is -
Well, if I, if I make the, the subsign smaller it will, it will get fixed probably.
Other then that I don´t need the figure when this figure is here so I delete it.
[PERSON20] By the way this is the very first image I, I made in tix and the code is really terrible.
Yeah, at these they should be there but they, they might ugly or we, we need to know what is there, what is in the figure.
So if it, if we have it in pdf and not it pgf, it´s no problem I think.
[PERSON14] If only (the font) change and the, the, the picture will be same only the nicer and then I´m sure it´s OK.
[PERSON20] Yeah, but at least you can replot it so it, so it has the same font as the book.
[PERSON14] So that I know that you, you really have it, the chocolate is (reorder) in the box.
And yeah, if I don´t see the, the green lines and I don´t see that it is really done in the comment I will, I will, I don´t know.
Or whet it´s written somehow we should all of us, we should read it all of book and comment it what is missing where and yeah, where are the problems and other things.
I mean, um, you can have some conclusions that you draw from, from the book, from, from the research you, you need but the summary of, of the book is somethin else.
[PERSON20] And there are no rules, um, it, in the books series that we should have a summary and, and summary in Czech and something like that.
I, I will, I will, I will go through it and, and try to fix that is missing, missing things.
[PERSON14] Yeah, but this is, this is, yeah, this is in the table.
Yeah, I have holiday from Thursday but I think I will do some work even in the holiday.
I, I´m not registered for ACL anyway and I didn´t understand much like how it´s really works and I didn´t have time to investigate it so I´m just waiting so if somebody else like prepares it for me and says me, sit here and watch this and -
So perhaps all videos who are registered will get [ORGANIZATION1] link and will, will be able to ask questions and, and maybe the others can watch it as well, I don´t know.
[PERSON20] Yeah, yeah, yeah.
[PERSON6] I think it should work (badly) if you´re here and somebody else also wants to watch the same thing and he´s registered which I don´t know if, if it will be true.
[PERSON20] So if, if, if, if [PERSON20] is there registered one and the <unintelligible> one on what sessions <unintelligible> all the time.
