The transcripts for check are almost done, one transcriber of Germany is working and she wants to do it alone until December the tenth.
PERSON1, PERSON4, and PERSON5 are working on the deliverables.
PERSON1 is hopeful about PERSON8, but hasn't heard from him yet.
Person5 has just added the transcripts for the first 30 parts and for the next ten parts.
PPERSON1, PERSON5, and PERSON10 are discussing how to improve the model of speech translation.PERSON1, PERSON5, PERSON6, PERSON12, PERSON2, PERSON3, and PERSON6 are on the call.
(PERSON6) is trying to gather data from the program for ([PROJECT2]).
He is away from 11 to 12 on Friday.
He will be working on the Monday similar model as well.
PERSON1, PERSON3 and PERSON6 are going to have a test tomorrow in the afternoon.
They need to operate two local machines: (arc) and blackbird.
PERSON3 is updating models on Friday and updating the pipelines on Monday.
Some videos are not getting properly connected into a 16-cave format.
Some audio files get converted to the <unintelligibile> format when passed to the sound system.Every time Project1 is run from scratch, there should be a fresh download of the test set, a fresh conversion and fresh evaluation.
Once I have the (WAB) file, I probably won't need to do convert.
PERSON11 is organizing some event tomorrow and over the weekend.
Today is the last chance for PERSON1, PERSON3 and PERSON5 to get it running before the weekend, so they need to rely on PERSON11 only from Monday onwards.
PERSON6 is not taking part in the Monday seminar with [PERSON11] as he does not know how to run (SLDF).
PERSON1 developed a domain adaptation model that is slightly better than the other models.
The one that he developed with his manual pronunciations produced the long word list, but he hasn't tested it yet.
PERSON6 and PERSON2 need help with creating a custom dictionary.
The training set has more than 600 hours, but the actual training set contains around 300 hours.
There are some serious errors in the ASR output.
It's possible to use language model or to use the language model.
It depends on what the project needs.PERSON7 has a lot of work to do in the coming days.
He has presentations to make and assignments to complete.
He needs to get the ASR numbers today and the improved numbers on Monday.
PERSON7 will send the numbers to PERSON3 later.
On Monday they will choose the best ASR worker in quality.
During the month of August, the numbers for the empty models were better than those for the len- our, but for some folders the output is terrible.
For some folders it's okay, and for others it's terrible.
Mohammed compared the scores between the rainbow and the summer set ofPERSON5 is having problems with the ASR.
The transcripts for the files don't have the right length, so they were processed incorrectly.PERSON4 is working on the German ASR.
He needs to prepare a language model to process the interpreters.PERSON2's ASR is lower case and without punctuation.
In some of the files there is an interpreter saying something in English in the background and it's picking up the wrong person.
If it doesn't work, I will ask the annotator whether the transcription work helped.(PERSON2) and (PERSON6) have a problem with the pronunciation of the word.
They need to convert it to W, B for all the words.
There are some phonemes that are not in the alphabet.
There is a package of our language.PERSON6 and PERSON2 are trying to solve a pronunciation problem.
They want to replace a phoneme with another one to produce different pronunciations.PERSON2 and PERSON6 are looking for a pronunciation of the vowels.
PERSON2 doesn't know the pronunciation of any of them.
(PERSON2) and (PERSON6) are going to meet tomorrow.
Person 2 is going to prepare a dictionary to convert IPA to alphabet phonemes.
Person 6 wants Person 2 to convert the IPA list into the CMU list.