PERSON2 is in Mannheim in a private private apartment in Barbican city.
He got it built on one and a half or two months ago.
He was ill during the holidays and now he's back to work.
PERSON1 has started documents with "to do" lists.
He needs help with homework, the assignments and exams approaching.
He also needs a back-up person for the PROJECT2 and PROJECT3 events.
Person 5 agrees to help.PERSON3 will prepare simple HTML tables as soon as possible.
He will create a conversion from the tables into HTML and put them on a webpage.
PERSON1 will take a record of the deliverables.
PERSON1, PERSON3, Ivana and others are working on the railroad project.
They need to improve their segmenter and create a translation dictionary.PERSON3 wants some delay scores for some of the files from the IW[PROJECT6] Dev set.
He wants them to be included in the regularly produced tables.
PERSON1, PERSON2, PERSON3, PERSON4 and PERSON7 are preparing the presentations for both of the sessions.
Project 2 is going to be in Czech.
Project 3 is in English.
Project 4 is reviving Project 4.
Person4 is trying to train a model on(PERSON4) wants the common voice to be included in the baseline.
(PERSON1) wants to use more frequently used datasets.
PERSON2 wants to work on non native speech as part of his masters thesis.
He would like to work with [PERSON4] on Project4.
They need to make sure the knowledge is stored and they need to have a call together.
PERSON3 wants to be included in the call with [PERSON7] on Monday or Tuesday.
He wants to compare the performance of the models.
Before Christmas, he released the corpus for Project9.
This week he implemented or or trained speech language identification.PERSON1 is aiming for the end of the month deadline with a subtitler study paper.
The language ID is shipped to the [PROJECT5] and this language checker.
If it is the wrong language, it silences the [ PROJECT5].
If it's a multilingual model, it feeds into the same multi lingual model of the project and produces English.The machine translates from one language to another using English as an intermediate language.
It is more efficient than putting English in between.
The machine can also translate between German and Spanish.PERSON5 will record her suggestion about how to use the language ID in their document.
She will talk to Person3 next Thursday.