I spoke to [PERSON4] in the in the next room.
(PERSON1) Stay in the, stay in the bed and relax.
To, [PERSON1] do you have anything specific to discuss today? It's very useful and pleasant to use actually.
(PERSON2) Ok, so [PERSON1] I was like looking through the task that we need to do.
So, so let me just quickly give you an overview.
So I'm get to see that how it looks like to do with the [ORGANIZATION1], ah, website.
So I have to see, but if it is, if it is tough, I would not do.
(PERSON2) So it will contain the call for participation.
Uh the dates and the submission information type in the review process, location and stuff.
(PERSON2) You can just ask them, because eventually, like finally, it depends on how many papers we are getting.
So I think this this can be done easily uh.
(PERSON1) I don't know, but [PERSON4] told that today Google doesn't work.
And uh maybe like uh, I will also copy on to it so that he can also invite some more people into the program committee.
Because, you know, like um, usually in workshop, like we used to have a big organizing committee, and some people are from <unintelligible>.
(PERSON2) Yeah, the actually, like we are also doing uh some workshops with <unintelligible>.
(PERSON2) And the thing is like for us full legit workshop we don't have content.
We have just the results of the experiment.
(PERSON2) Yes and I believe, like if to make it a workshop we definitely need at least one or two people who have a background in summarization.
So that they could can think of many content.
Uh so, but uh like they did not like, they didn't like responded affordably so they were actually not available.
(PERSON1) All of them answer that they-

So everybody declined.
(PERSON2) But the thing is that we <unintelligible> to like the like what unquote very famous people from some relation who were like, you know.
I really do not know at all this earlier at all.
(PERSON2) I'm going to ask him to be part of the program committee.
(PERSON1) Yeah, <unintelligible> is definitely a good idea.
Because we are part of the organizing committee right? Actually I do not know about senior people for just summarization.
(PERSON2) I think just let me-

(PERSON1) Ok, let <unintelligible>, write him an e-mail, yes.
(PERSON2) Yeah, yeah, yeah, right, right.