(PERSON8) So we are expecting [PERSON1] today? So that's that's that's like halfway the problem.
(PERSON1) This is point summarization

So how many sessions -.
It does not need some work because, and for each meeting, we should find the minutes.
(PERSON1) That's why I don't want to invest much work into this.
(PERSON6) Oh, shortly to show you the screen.
(PERSON1) So they they are like they have one minute so contributions right in the discussion.
But otherwise we can say that there is no training data that they have to like download that from the web themselves.
Can we download that data and will make um, like <unintelligible> then as the test set training to the participants, 

or we just say that here are the links you need to download and then test? (PERSON1) Because it's a than it standardize this the way to propose and see it.
And this is these are the minutes for for this chapter.
(PERSON6) Yes, yes,

(PERSON1) But uh, he has.
(PERSON1) But I don't find it any better -.
I think that the content is simply boring that no one will come up with better minutes.
And we have looked at more minutes [PERSON2] have enough long before.
But it is on very large set of topics that I think that is the the this corpus alone would be very usable resource.
(PERSON1) Yes, exactly, as as as as as a scripting, that web and downloading it in a way that automaticaly alignes it for you, so that you can use the uh, if you if you escape spaces and others, the dangers characters in the in the titles.
(PERSON1) As the <unintelligible> file, so that there are some of your mind that that.
This is something that we uh, the session already uh, the the people in that area we find.
(PERSON8) Yeah, the transcript and the minute in one format.
And we can, and we have also consense our own data, um, the speaker diarization.
(PERSON6) Well, it's really in your head.
[PERSON6], can you share again the screen or the transcript are? (PERSON1) Sorry, the transcript are [ORGANIZATION2], right? And test it with just txt output but then we probably move to something which preserves more of the <unintelligible> details.
So one thing I would like to ask it <unintelligible> also, this thing was, it was like manually downloaded, right? (PERSON1) And that is uh, the full think.
(PERSON2) Yes, the full thing <unintelligible>.
I'm just working whether this [ORGANIZATION2] corpus should be in [PROJECT1] minuting or whether should be moved one, one directory deeper.
So [PERSON8] please processes this, organize it, according to the dates and the names of the sessions.