PERSON3 started running the experiments that he was told about a while ago.
He had some problems with them, but finally he managed to run them.
The objective of the experiments is to complete the GPU test and to know that one version, one new version of Project3 really worksThere is not enough progress in multi-source research, because they need the data.
There is no gain to be expected from this approach.
It would be useful to replicate some of the experiments on some larger text, text only data.
PERSON1 and PERSON2 will have a separate call tomorrow at 3 pm.
They will talk about the multi-source and how to test it.
PERSON4 will probably be in touch with [PERSON10] or some other person early next week to set up a do it yourself integration for the profanity filtering.It was tested on <unintelligible> something.
Now it's the time to test it on the life pipelines.
It would be better if the author of the component explains how to do it himself.
The profanity filtering should be employed twice on each path.
The new ASRPERSON4 has a call with [PERSON10] later today.
On Monday we will hear the Italian English and yesterday we had a chance to hear the Japanese English.
The ASR was struggling with that.
For the multi-accent English, the current idea is to create new sentences by concatenating words that were spoken by different speakers.PERSON10 is leaving the team.
PERSON17 is not able to start the training pipeline, so there is only one person who can start it.
Some language coats were swaped there and some of the languages didn't contain any reasonable output.
It's to for agile and did respect.
[PERSON17] didn't know enough about the architectures.
PERSON1 wants to make a call and set up a call with [PERSON17] to discuss how to make the configuration cleaner.
PERSON1, PERSON8 and PERSON5 are discussing how to improve the performance of a subtitling platform.The model is slow, because it was not properly trained.
It is better optimised for Project3.
As a fall back solution, they should have the Project3 models running as a worker on their side.PERSON4, PERSON8, and PERSON9 are on the devel at [ORGANIZATION1] mailing list.
They are discussing technical issues related to getting Project3 up and running.
PERSON1 is working on shortening and extending models.
He is running out of storage quota.
He will ask for more data.PERSON8 needs to know how much space there is available on Troja to store the data.
The organization takes 50 gigabytes of data.
There is a command to check the quota.The deadline for applying for PHD one is at the end of the year.
A man from Zabrican is interested in joining the group, he is almost done with his masters and wants to join the team.
PERSON1, PERSON4 and PERSON7 are working on a project.
PERSON1 has a call at two thirty Prague time with [PERSON11] to discuss some of the specifics of the SLTS capability of downloading files.
After that, he will have a call withThe recording of the results is something that [PERSON7] will manage.
PERSON1, PERSON4 and PERSON10 need to work on the non native accent.
The domain adaptation is for the toolkit for the [PERSON20] toolkit.
The dictionary is well included and it's asking the correct anagrams with the substitute words instead of the new words.
The domain adapted models capture the domain related words much better than non domain adaptedPERSON1, PERSON8 and PERSON6 discuss how to improve the artificial intelligence system.
PERSON6, who is in touch with someone such as [PERSON4] will help with profanity and positive speak filtering.
There was a cable competition where people had to train a neural network model to detect harmful tweets or sentences.
PERSON4 thinks it would make the task much easier, because since we are not expecting anything bad, we can just remove it.
ASR should make a different hypothesis.
PERSON1 thinks it's a great option for someone who would like to supervise a student.
(PERSON4) wants to talk to elderly students who are already in Prague for the first or second year about coming to Prague.
(PERSON1) wants them to record their experience from the most recent sessions and read the problems in the Monday tests document.
Bye, bye.