" if you hear me, can you hear us? " asks person8.
" i can't understand you much because, uh, this - [ person ] is there as well or not? " " we see you twice now, but only one of you is moving, " he says.the question is what you would like to probe on transformer networks.
it's ok for you to do some probing on the other side of the page.
the question will be asked on what you think of what you've been working with the other5, the group2 or other5s.what they do attention and compution scores would interesting in the sense that in their < unintelligible level means that.
what the paper does is that they have distinct where they take attention between subject and verb in sentences.
the paper says they use these to test on harder, weird, weirder like constructions to see more basic characteristic.the tactogrammatical treebanks are annotated on other9 and other2.
it's not clear if you can start with [ project2 ] or or i dunno.
here's how we are matter with pdt...
and if we're interested in other2, we can try other2's.what have you used in the paper with we need? share your thoughts and ideas with cnn ireport.
share your tips on how to work with the people in location 3 weeks and collaborate on a skype call that we need.
click here for all the latest from cnn.
com / impact.we've created organized call this call with the leader of the group.
we're to look at the patterns of the eeh what difference our results from ( your call ) are.
the lower layer layer was quite good and for one subject - [ person7 ] on the other ).eeh it's most in fact < unintelligible.
it ’ s said like for the first layer of eeh looking for that particulation.
the higher layer for components depend on what was it was ( balustrade ) layers were looking in to different eh eh eh chunks.there are almost all possible balustrades in different types of lay - offs.
there are also some of the most common types of saucrades.
there is one higher ( balostrades ) there is also a higher ( ( balustramas ) in different lay - ends.the head of person7 experiments are done on our parametres on our training.
it's not easy to eeh that there is different settings and little bit difference settings.
we have to switch to open nmt system and try to create something similar to balustrades.
it was like normalization tokens that generate completely different results.the other papers don't report that there are some like balustrades that may chains and the chains.
paper some heads are a bit specialized in finding one high correlations < unintelligible >.
this is because one head stamps finds the subject for verb.'it's gonna work ( for free ) for free paper,'says the writer.ehm extracted the graph structures from syntactic parser.
they reported improvements over using charts ( rnm ) which < unintelligible ) the idea was that we could try to replicate this and to compare it with the extract from the.
extract.
it could be used to create the input of machine translation systems.two heads must be similar to gold trees.
they are needed only in training and in in in the there are other things you need to do.
they also target gold trees like gold trees, but they can't be taught how to read it.
it's an objective function, so you can add it to the tactogramramram.the officialy officialy have a master thesis already or research for master thesis.
" we should at least know what each other is doing, " said the official.
" i think we're working on similar stuff, " he said.
" it seems like that...
but this will be getting more reliable "" person10 " is a final review of what's happening in the middle of the night.
it's the final review, and we will get invitation e - mail from excellnet.
here we'll get invitation to join...
and to analyse you to have your own call.the milestone part we basicly use is to analyse [ project2 ] or maybe, i don't know where it comes from...
but that seems to like in multiligual, trained by [ person8 ] and.
[ project4 ] it's a - it ’ s a evaluate makes more sense to.
analyse and test iniciate may be - - and we're analysing.cnn's richard quest was asked if we have the attentions are what task.
he said :'we should look at maybe something more abstract the attention is what task is...
it doesn't actually make sense to try to compare it'quest :'it didn't prove because it's different.
that's completely different 'what do you know the large project2 model? it's just layer just and predicts < unintelligible.
the training model is expected to be released by the end of the year.
if it ’ s too small for it to be too large, it'll have to be more complex.the ( excel ) knows as best document...
working on picture form.
there's nothing going on there, but it seems to be.
we use some models ( in metro ) to create more frequent < unintelligible ) with [ what ] or - -.if you have it ready to send today and then tomorrow as well as tomorrow, there should be like at least one month.
it seems to officially i have to [ person ] commit to unintelligible...
and that you should have it, you know.
that's for the meeting.person6 has rewriting a paper with person8.
it's rewriting the paper...
but it doesn't know if person6 need to discuss something.
the paper has been rewriting this paper for more than a week.
the other person6 should have rewriting it with someone8.