there is a small agenda for eh, eh and hopefully we will find something eh there.
" eh, uh, eh, yes, we're here, " says personm.
" i'll try to share my screen, because i'm not sure if you have received any response from them whatsoever "the second question is : can we go on and, like split the budget, that you don't want to get any money from this project, eh? " so we will modify the budget without you, " says personm.
" we will allocate person months that are by [ sic ] further within [ organization7 ] "eh, organization1 doesn't want to ship translated audio to the partners parties in the conference calls.
eh : " we're still undecided how are we going to ship the translation to...
eh eh eh " " we don't have experience with shipping voice to text translation, " personm says.the text to speech doesn't provide any information more than that.
" eh, okay, so we will ( board ) in the project as you specified, " said personm.
the ehm application to provide the subtitle would be " organization7 " and " organization1 "eh, eh and eh transcribe their voices in the plenary session.
the idea is that the organization1 will not be involved in the live meetings eh.
it will be shipping the subtitles to somewhere.
it's also a way to connect with the organization7 delivery sai institute.organization7 should contribute to that task some person - month on like, agreeing on the interface.
the task should have some small amounts of person month by [ organization7 ] ] and make sure that the participants can use it, like, to make sure the participants are able to use it.member of up to twenty people strives to speak non - native speakers.
" we have the non - apriori the number of events, that would be eh manageable, " says personm.
" i think but at least one event per project ( a year ) should be very important, " he says.in the second year, there definitely should be one dry - run, one main congress and then two follow - up workshops.
if this is feasible, eh, it's probably the more important setting for the year after the congress, but what and how many is not decided yet?the congress of the congress is with plenary sessions.
" i wouldn't like not to create separate task, but to have a one single task [ organization ] events, " says personm.
" we're quite on the safe side to say that...
this task should be planned for the all three years, " personm says.the integration work package eh is the one that makes sure that everything runs.
eh is not providing eh anything any remote platform eh is like covered in [ [ other ] ] ], says personm.
" ehh should include eh [ organization1 ] and...
but they already have [ other4 ] on the call "" other4 " is an organization that provides asr for other 4 to 6 month person months for maximum accuracy.
the company has been competing for the other4's parliament, the other 4, for the same amount of accuracy.
" it's not a huge task, " said person2.
com founder.asr work package is not yet included in the project proposal, but it's still a little slower than we are with the writing.
other4 is not one of the official languages of organization7, but the other is for other4's other4 partners.
" we would be a pity not to use it, " said personm.the next item is the list on the re - speaker data.
" i guess i can ask around, but i'll probably get the official reply reply reply again, " eh, ok, oh, uh, okay, eh, okay " " we need to eh, that's part of the eh, budget "one purpose is to adapt to the speaker and interpreter.
speaker adaptation is done essentially how you describe, says personm.
" i know it's a lot of work, so i don't know how much should we say that we need per speaker, " he says.
the number of hours depends on the asr system, he adds.four hours to adapt to each of the other1 speakers, eh always eh eh eh is eh eh.
the re - speakers could be up to five hours per re - speaker.
the main conference is four days of dry run, and five for main conference.
it's a formula that doesn't really work eh, says personm.ehhrm is an acoustic model for the language of the language.
it's mandatory for the speaker to speak for one hour.
ehh : to make use of these data, you need to have a'other1'and a proper device to record the voice.
if you want to use the model, you should have the model." we will try to create our own, but we are still starting with this, " says personm.
" i'm in touch with the radio and they should be able to provide eh to the project, " he says.
" we should not need any recordings for the actual model, " personm says.the other1 radio also did transcribe data for other1 recordings.
" we may want to have like more re - speaking sessions eh as well, " said personm.
" this will happen at the dry - run, but we could be a separate thing, " he said." we can obviously process also [ other2 ] speaking a re - speakers like giving short term contracts to them, " says personm.
" all the teams, who -...
want to get,.
are..
to do something specific, " said personm director.organization8 - handled re - speakers to get more data for your particle language of interest.
" this is what we'll add there, " said personm, who said.
" i don't know, how to go about this, but [ it ] would be the other direct cost, " he said.the audio signal is the better for eh, especially for the re - speakers.
it will also be used to set up the local infrastructure for publishing.
the company's website says it will have to get all of the audio from the emm equipment and send this audio to all of it.the total numbers, the eh subtitles per partner, are automatically copied to this first sheet so you can see how that balances the overall budget.
" we will probably purchase eh like two or or even even more for this ( organization4 ), " said personm.
" this is the one unity eh cost of eh, " personm says.if we just say goodbye, everybody will spend the remaining fifteen minutes in writing and writing.
" i think it's probably more efficient, " says personm.
" we've got 14 days to finish eh the proposal and that's what we - create a good proposal "task 6.
1 is the integration of asr from multiple partners into the organization3 platform.
the integration should definitely include us and [ organization ] 6 ] " we have this automatic minuting, " says personm.
com founder.
" we're not sure how much you want to eh delve into minuting "the organization7 and organization7 should be at all the organization5 congress.
" i think that will probably give reports only, " says personm.
" we could mimic this layout in, in in the integrated work package 2, " he says.
" it's what like in the spoken language translation, " said personm founder.the prototype, called " unintelligible ", was mentioned several months ago.
" i think it is, yea, " said person1.
" you just tick off in the system where's for each deliverable, even if it's software, " he said.in the timing of the deliverables should be in line with the timing and timing of these work packages.
the organisation is then, eh taken over by individual prototypes and the release of the work package number 6.
" this is like the current tentative plan that will begin only like in the middle of the project, " said personm.if you write in a doc, you'll upload it to the organization2 doc anyway.
" it's much faster for me to wor - - if you don't mind, so i'm happy to do it, " says person2.
" we'll talk again thursday, and otherwise, hopefully, the text will like getting created quickly, " person2 says.jo, jo and jo, jestli to muzes nejak uzavrit and ulozit a pak mi poslat.
the language is spoken in the south east of the country.
the other - language language is the same language spoken in north korea.