So it- it would be great if you could quickly explain what is your current status of the speaker adaptation data collection interface that you are-you are working on and the document the [PROJECT1] surge 2020 organisation and add in one or two points that mention your name and the one that I would like to specifically focus on is the "regular" data flow from you to [PERSON3].
And what I mean by that is that I would like in the very few coming weeks that you two are in close touch and whenever you [PERSON11] have some data in the system then you know where to- like how to share them with the- with [PERSON3].
Your developing to what people will aplausing and all that.
So that this final integration is actually he most stable and best tested part.
You have a directory with all the documents, downloaded from the web containing the- the relevant domain-specific dat- data and then you just run the script and the <unintelligible> are the most common words from the- from the corpus.
So this sounds good and it's totally ok that you had your time for the exams, that's- you don't need to apologize for that.
I'd just like to double check that script the final one which will take the directory and do the all the processing is kind of re-interend.
So that you- if you give it the same directory once and then for the second time it will emit the exact same result and the reason for it is that we expect these directories to grow in time.
So we want some permanent version of dictionary and then we find further documents related to the speaker so we just dump them to the-
It could be expensive it's a large corpus of files in which case again you would have dictionaries per source and the step that you would repeat would be merging of this- already- like collective agregated dictionaries.
Yeah so I'm already checking for that you- so your already existing script as our base line for converting edit and a that script contin checking for already converted files so-
So the web front end where people can upload their files.
So the question is, at the beginning of your pipeline there's the user the presenter who is bringing his files and in one of the links I've provided you at the beginning was a link to [PERSON7] who has already implemented very simple web collector web file collector, some simple web page where people can upload-
The reason I'm asking is to mention what we have discussed today at the [ORGANIZATION1].
The structure of the <unintelligible> will still evolve,so we need to be flexible with that but we are discussing what is the best way for them to give us all these files and I said that in March, in a month from now, we should hopefully be able to propose to to suggest interphase where they could upload the files and if the some restructuring of the folders we can do it behind the scene and then tell them Ok,now the directories are-are updated to your current agenda and please keep uploading the files again.
So this is- this is something which would be good to have running in March when they could start uploading their documents and there we would also test whatever forments they have and what other problems it this creates.
And one of the view would be green on green ground and that would be all the files which are non-sensitive and the there will be another like layer of that that would be like copy of that uploaded interface and that would have red background that would be used for files which must not leave the the faculty they can't be used.
So this is one more feature request on that user interface to separate like layers or gags of permissions for files.
Yeah ok, so that's- that's very good progress and now to my original question.
What is the best type of collaboration that you could start with [PERSON3], the regular data flow.
So I would- I would simply know that we are going to give the demo on one particle day.
But you need some communication protocol kind of so that [PERSON3] knows where to pick it up and how to integrate it and this needs to be <unintelligible>
Yes- yes, after the I have-I have school basically, I will be busy on Thursday.
And I would like talkable adaptations the automated as much as possible and this adapta- this- this automatization is that I throw files on- on [PERSON11] and he gives everything and the language modul and all that to-
So I I'm trying to make the webster kit connection working.
So i looking to the plain webster kit connection would probably be more predictible and more easire to the <unintelligible> maybe.
And we could make it as a live test of i dont know if they will have full twenty five machines watching the- watching these the sub- the subtitles of what we are saying.
<unintelligible> mentioned, I need to put together documentations with [PERSON9], actually didn't contact her yet, probably I should.
So I wanna say so these webster kits and <unintelligible> tomorrow to work on it.
I hope to contact her- i also- ihave some documentation already but I will reflect that it's the webster kit.
So, yeah, I will then send it to her maybe early next week she should know, so that we can- we can <unintelligible>
I'm not sure I have the document because I- I know you wrote to me that [PERSON9] will be involved and I don't know if she required <unintelligible> going on.
So thank you that was [PERSON2] and there is no one else remotely present so maybe [PERSON4] if you could start <unintelligible> what- what we have here.
I think I started to download them and re-check if they- I can convert them to our suitable forms.
I think we should <unintelligible> most important test now is to prepare data for ISWSLT.
So since Monday I was busing transcribing recordings that was share by [PERSON7] <unintelligible>
So we can totally run <unintelligible> on Monday, we can start everything ourselves-
So I'm very much afraid of running the docker on some virtual machine-
So that's what I- if it's possible, so if we can have separate account on the docker support in <unintelligible> file
So the way they handle it<unintelligible> is that they would create virtual machine for us where they'll allow docker.
That- and show him the docker file that we have and that we need to process this in pipe line actually.
So, like a stand a low virtual machine docker is something that- that would do the job
We could make it on Wednesday and we definitely need it for next Monday because there is a very high risk of- of not having calculate system.
And apart from focusing in text segmentor like analyzing the first word letter of the proper nouns, I would like to discuss how to increase the f- the recall for that for the stop and periods.
So one solution which I propose is that <unintelligible> smaller segments I would like to except and it can be once use not to fix.
Ok, let's- let's like oficially close this session with the reminder that everybody should enter themselves for specific things they have done to the- to the Google sheet.
And also if you have not filled the Youtube- sorry, the doodle <unintelligible> for regular meetings, please do so.
I was expecting to see soon it and after here because both of them mentioned in the doodle <unintelligible> that they are available but-
So basically the fix <unintelligible> and the output with phone it was not supported by EB plan so I proposed that we meet it- we meet physically in his office and fix it-
So remember to fill the Doodle of your availability, ok?
