 Muted and I see [PERSON7] before others join the plan B.
I would not expect [Person13] at this session.
The easiest way is to replay a lockfile.
I tried to create some fake time stamps and try to emit this like kind of instruction message so I- The first path of the Zoom US link we are using is [ORGANIZATION1] I think that's [PERSON1] The first we user don't worry, but does it? The idea is you usually bypass the Mtray- M3U8 URL putting the frame in the [ORGANIZATION5] server which expose also the SSL certificate .
Then upload the video file we would like to demo on the .
ORGANIZation5 server .
Then on the server run FFM peg command which streams the .
video file .
The video box takes in input a public M3U8 URL .
It takes an inputs path .
But it it actually it takes an input path .
If they actually were FFM pegs rights expands and expose the directory .
I'm really curious about the set up that you do on your localhost .
I'm not sure if we are allowed to stream both video, audio, AB clients .
I think the most critical part is to identify the video file and to start performing test of- a-cascade translation on cascade .
The German segmentation is not as good as the English one, but it was ok .
The project officer maybe considers it too easy .
The Austrian German could cause problems for recognition .
The plan B, that I have with [PERSON7] is that we will use this standard Youtube included Youtube iFrame within the presentation platform .
Instead it will only show the the video, the pre-recorded one that we want to subtitle .
And the subtitles will show instructions and on the click when you see the word click you need to click the play button on the video .
If [PERSON7] succeeds in injecting these instructions to the subtitles to all the languages, people would see the subtitles telling them scroll back to the starting point .
The idea is that there would be first the instructions, then these injection would stop release the worker .
The plan A is to re-broadcast with Youtube broadcasting .
The plan C is to use the same call to FFM peg to output the video streaming playlists .
There is no practical way to be sure about this .
The system transcribes and translates our speech as the meeting goes .
The project officer and the project officer are non-native speakers .
The sound was coming from [PERSON7]'s output .
The service architecture was feeding the service architecture with the sound .
The sound did not pass through Youtube or other videos .
Plan A is crossed, plan B is something that [Person6] will quickly help set up .
Plan C is what the team will focus on .
The Czech Republic does not have a national holiday on Friday, right? The project officer agrees with Thursday, tomorrow tomorrow afternoon .
In the cruise control Gitrepo are stored the [ORGANIZATION5] scripts used to make multiple streamings .
In the set ups directory are stored all the scripts used in the various testing we did during the project years .
The scripts to run multiple translations simultaneously for [PERSON12] do you want to share the script? The idea is to log in on the [ORGANIZATION5]'s web server to test everything directly in the final machine .
The FFM peg pipeline needs to write assess to the publicly exposed directory .
The presentation platform has a presentation platform .
The presenter asks to demonstrate the plan C plan C which you're currently having .
The plan C is supposed to be working on a localhost .
In the windows folder, this is a local apache server installed on my laptop .
The streamer is the exposed directory in the acati- acati docs stream directory .
It takes an input file Boris zero one zero one MP4 which is the video file I would like to stream .
The project officer will see the demo through the screen so we'll be able to present both online text flow and the subtitles of the presentation .
The presentation should be publically available available to the host persons of the meeting .
The presentation platform and online text flows are meant to work in locally and in face to face conferences .
They are not meant for work for live streaming .
We will see which is the most performing solution .
Plan C seemed like it's like overloading the system too much .
Plan B is the most easiest, putting everything on a different machine letting the demo run remotely .
The e-mail was sent to the head of the organisation to test Zoom video .
The head of staff said he would not be available to test the videos .
He then said that the next test session should take place at half past 10 .
The source language for the meeting will be English, right? And some other language? For the meeting yes.
For the video file it would be German at least .