 (PERSON2) Well, we have to pick which paper, uh, probably one paper I guess.
Okay, I have to saw that because I've got maybe 2 dozen or more emails on that topic.
(PERSON3) Yeah, which I've failed to doing time because I had other things as well.
and we'll see uh, what what comes out and we'll let you know maybe already now.
at our institutions, we normally can provide the final numbers at the earliest like 2 weeks or 3 weeks we cannot have the official numbers from our part earlier then in mid July, or towards the end of July.
(PERSON12) Hi [PERSON3],  um, um, I'm in here from [ORGANIZATION10].
(PERSON3) Either, yes, either you, or I thought that it could even be [ORGANIZATION10].
(PERSON19) We- I mean, we have- [ORGANIZATION7] had fill in our papers and think of .
(PERSON3) Yeah, for for this spread sheet, [PERSON7] has put the paper is here (PERSON19) I'd to conv- I converted Bibtech into spreadsheet ago, somebody in the office type it in.
and we'll let you know in a week or 2 uh, in what format we need your papers.
then uh, the choices validate from uh, the uh, 2nd half of June would make sense.
Uh, we are able if I'm not mistaken, to run some of the [ORGANIZATION7] MT systems.
Uh, so and they have like virtual machines uh, which then are okay for uh, running docker.
because I know, that [PERSON14] had something which could be very uh, very promising for the ASR, right? So you've mentioned uh, the that your submission to IWSLT, or paper uh, paper to IWSLT.
(PERSON17) Uh, right now right now that's text (based), still that's right now on- only for the for the MT side.
Um, and uh, I would uh, like to have this this ladder climbing approach finally starting.
Um, um, I'm actually reducing it to the plan of having frozen fingerprints and research fingerprints.
Uh, now, since uh, a new date for the demo will be uh, found out.
(PERSON19) And by now, all of us are kind of- I have to, I've forgot, (PERSON2) But but it  of 1 1 thing uh, 1 year extension, I probably don't see the purpose .
(PERSON3) Yeah, so that's a question mainly for [ORGANIZATION10] and [ORGANIZATION11].
or would it h- would it be bad for you to to ask for 2 or 3 months uh, of extension.
Uh, okay, then uh, we should have a discussion, a technical call on the IWSLT um, uh, results.
Uh, I'm not sure if [PERSON20] has uh, of the final results paper, which will be published at IWSLT, obviously.
And then, I uh, I've already talked at the beginning with [PERSON2] about IWS- uh, IWSLT  remote presentation.
Uh, [PERSON20], uh, are you planning to or do already have an Overleaf for the slides, or not yet? then I think, everybody should now be uh, pretty busy with uh, write up of the deliverables.