So for some reason I have always has to connect a few times uh until Zoom starts sending also the sound to me.
(PERSON4) And and I asked [PERSON5] to do uh the transcripts of- by German ASR f- for the German transcriber.
And that would be training uh of uh empty systems so that they do the shortening.
(PERSON1) Uh so if you uh [PERSON5] had the time uh obviously, there is no way we could do it for the next week.
All of our models uh basically work with s- with uh with, yeah, sequence to sequence.
And then, when we have the final output f- from from from the entire input sentence we start generating.
It could be quite easy to implement the shortening in this in this model as well.
We would just train it s- so that it is stops- uh generating yeah- after some, some time.
I would like to hear an update uh uh f- for the sessions uh for next week.
But I think that [PERSON6] should uh just like, click, uhm <other_yawn> click on to s- s- s- some buttons.
(PERSON6) And I I am trying to uh gather the data <unintelligible> from those (tasks) that are mentioned in the program.
Okay, so in the afternoon, for example, in in the Czech afternoon, you are able to to uh to do something.
And I guess it's not that uh uh you could have a z- Zoom call again uh with the videos uh.
It is basically that some videos are not getting some audios or videos are not really connected properly into a 16 (cave) format.
(PERSON3) But when you pass it to the (A S I) system, the sound system will not work on that.
Because I need to figure out which one is the one which is not uh getting passes with ASR.
So uh every time, there should be a fresh download of [PROJECT1] test set, a fresh conversion and fresh evaluation.
Uh but still, if I am keeping track of the files, which uh needs to be manually converted so that I can write write a script.
Yeah, so this is uh <laugh> an important thing that we should have s- uh uh like c- come across, some months ago.
Remember, I it's it's it's since August that I've been telling that that we want to evaluate on [PROJECT1] test set.
Uh so before you do, you cannot say whether it will work or or not.
And here we are running on the uh in the problems of conversion of the of the file formats.
So my only uh thinking is of [PERSON5] who was able to simply come by and help immediately.
So I'm I'm hoping that you will be able to have uh the multiple uh custom dictionaries in the ASR system.
(PERSON6) Uh I I received your email yesterday with uh the thing I was I mentioned in the <unintelligible> (ASL) system without using (pretest) (for pronunciations) was better than <unintelligible> (multiple pronunciations).
(PERSON1) So you just convert the uh the uh international phonetic alphabet into the phonemes, uh, that uh uh that uh (cmu) knows.
So the thing that I asked for is that you would have various versions of this dictionary by taking only the words that were observed five times.
I have to uh uh  I will have to leave now, because I need to give the kids, the, the, the lunch and so on.
And I think that this way uh the uh these uh systems should be able to to load it.
And you will also possibly run into one more problem that it's not ready for two big custom dictionaries.
I'm finishing training of uh German ASR that may be used for for uh for uh time stamping.
Uh uh it uh they claimed it has uh more than 600 hours than a but uh uh the training set.
(PERSON2) But uh if if you have uh transcript, and we want just to do uh just to do uh time stamping.
I would like to stay uh [PERSON6] to stay on the call with [PERSON2], right, and discuss how to use the dictionary.
(PERSON1) Because this is the this is the numbers that we want to obtain for the different models.
Basically how what [PERSON1] mentioned on the call that there was two <unintelligible> individual translation workers, you can see if they are performing better.
So uh so I, I now see that the the transcripts for for these files are don't have the right length.
And I'm not sure how to uh how to convert them properly, because (F F M P G) just just returns the error for those files.
(PERSON5) Because like now, I think for my maybe half of the files it would be, you know, like totally wrong.
(PERSON5) So I figured out that actually in the fi- in some of the files there is, you don't just hear the interpreter.
If it doesn't work, then I can apply some kind of filter to cut off the- this effort with with low volume.
(PERSON4) And <laugh> if she says that not, even when the quality is good, then then we don't need to care much about the rest.
But there are the curly brackets uh around the pronunciation and be (calibrated) around first and the last for me with (W B) in there.
And even if uh if this is not there, I think it it's not a big issue for me to (append).
And so there was there was very some phonemes that weren't (formatted) into the f- corresponding alphabet for names and uh.
So I p- I am afraid that when I will be processing this list of graphemes to phonemes to graphemes so probably there will be some issues regarding the such phonemes.
So if I I I can share the other f- package with you if if you are familiar with (arl) that is actually very easy to use.
With this phoneme with two other words with both or or three other versions of that word with using these (three) phonemes.
Then there is some uh or some mapping or or some map of uh um <other_yawn> of how which which phonemes are actually near, and which are more far apart.
I will let you know an email or (flight), because tomorrow I I uh am usually off for Friday prayer on Friday for ten to twelve.
