In- include, join the project, because he is working on survey about getting sim card, from transformers, from neural network.
In-invite him to write in the book as well.
The deadline for the project is Friday, June 15th.PERSON8 wants to go to the virtual conference.
Last year it cost 10000 and it was in [LOCATION1] with conference dinner and conference trip to the seaside.
Lunch is covered.
PERSON8 has a meeting with [PERSON12] in the afternoon on Monday.
After lunch they will go to the meeting.PERSON5, PERSON13 and PERSON10 were talking yesterday about his paper and some papers.
The paper was to PROJECT5 and was accepted.
The next deadline for PROJECT8 is July 1st.
PERSON10 has written one paragraph and half of a book so far.
He will write more today and on Thursday and definitely on Friday.
He is done with teaching this semester so he will work on the book from now on.
PERSON4 is working on a project.
He is half way through it right now.
Before the meeting, he prepared a first half of the chapture and wrote a preface to the book.
[PERSON13] and [PERSON5] are working on different attention head types in transformers.
PERSON8, PERSON13 and PERSON4 are working on the book.
The deadline for feedback has been postponed to the end of June.
PERSON13 and PERSON4 are trying to figure out who will be the reviewers for Project 5 and Project 8.
They need to be at least a professor or someone from outside the university.
If they don't come from the university, they won't get the grant.The deadline for the black box was postponed to the middle of August.
The deadline is after the notification of the project 7.
The conference is virtualised and takes place in November.
PERSON5, PERSON8, and PERSON13 are discussing the virtualisation of the conference.
The conference will be virtualised.
The abstract submission is on Monday, 15 June.
There will be one more week for weekend.
There are two types of papers: physical and fysPERSON8, PERSON13, and PERSON5 will try to prepare a survey for Project4 and send it to a place other than the black box in order to introduce new people to the project.
Half of the salary you get is typicall the Ph.D.
money.
Half of it is for this year.
The other half is for the next year.
There are limits on bonuses because of the corona crises.PERSON7 bought the computer that he is now using for some grant.
He doesn't have a [ORGANIZATION2] now.
He bought a laptop from Organization 2.
He got a confirmation from the cluster that the region was not able to accommodate more computers.
The deadline for the black box deadline is in August and for the laptop is in September.
There is no money left in September, so it will be hardPERSON10, PERSON9 and PERSON13 are having a meeting.