person7 said that he would join in 20 minutes or so.
he said :'i think i should first read this ah tdid of keywords extraction'the message was sent by person7's brother, who is running in the city centre, and he's running a university.person29 has written tdid based on summarize.
it gives you the maximum probability words...
so the one which is from organization6 is not good.
the one that is from.
organization6's..
is actually from [ organization6 ] ).this is one of the biggest problems of meeting data which needs to be handled someway.
so uh, uh, we can remove that but it gives sentences which are not relevant, like...
and this is the biggest drawback of meetings summarizing.
so this is a problem actually of meeting so uh.if you say january 15 by february 15, you should know whether we are accepted in < unintelligible or not.
the process will not run as a parallel session parallel session it will be a part of the program.
it will not be a parallel task parallel session but will be an like - the - usual parallel session.if we can get the benefit of being integral part of their proceedings, we would prefer interspeech.
if the paper submission deadline for sick dial is earlier this month, there's no point in going for the paper submitting because it's around the time as the process takes place.committee members invited speakers to submit for the next [ project11 ] issue.
the project11 issue was in the first year of the project 11, and was integrated with normal paper papers.
if the paper was not good enough for the project, it was integrated into normal paper paper paper.we cannot expect more involvement than two weeks of person.
if we want to do that and that for sick dial, it's not such a problem.
if you're worried that the timing of sick dial is equally bad as the interspeech special session.
the process is definitely easier and ah, but not as bad as this one.if we get into interest, that will be better for us.
" uh, it's already established to attract more participants, " i say.
" i think it makes more sense because you have to have it on their to do lists, " says ig.
" it happens in many shared tasks like, um, uh, yes, yes "this does not really happen often, but it would be more likely for our minuting setup.
it is a rare thing that the test sets are updated, and also the training data.
this is coming as interspeech the official one, the special track set up, and it does not fit our needs.for me it is a work that has, to, be started soon for the invited.
it's the i know the people so that is the difference.
i've done empty marathons and there's a summer school aspect.
i think the time that later task are more important.if we don't get into interspeech, then we can run it as a sick dial thing.
if we want to create our own proceedings, we should go through the sick dial submissioned deadline.
if someone manages to do it in time for sick dial, yes, but without and again in the meantime.for interspeech, we could split it paper by paper so that some papers would go to the interstate proceedings and some interest.
if it is okay for them to have some of our papers, we will tell our people.
if the paper is worth publishing, send it as an interfaeech paper, and you will have it with interpirator.interspeech, like, will be listed as a participant in the shared tasks.
this is the same as the project11, which was created by the project 11 years ago.
it's not a coincidence that, in the past, uh, we'll tell us only so late.
we need not.the proposal for interspeech is already active.
it's already active, but the question is whether it would be sufficient for them to be accepted institution.
the proposal is likely bound to a person who is a member, a person or institution, or an institution.
if it is required institution, it will do so like for you.if you have a student registration, you don't need that.
the institutional one, or uh, is for package it is for 14 euros.
if you're a student, you don't need that separate uh, or is it for a year.
so, it's for 365 days, or for 2021, or 2021.if one has the membership for one year, it is a reduced conference fee.
if one person has membership for, they will have some discount at the interspeech conference.
if the conference is a conference fee, it would have some, but it's not the conference fee - - but it could be reduced to some discount.if one has a income membership, they will get reduced three restrictions.
the registration for the website is also likely sufficient for sick dial application.
the website has been criticized by some members of interspeech.
com for its lack of transparency.
" this is all clear at the moment, at least to me, " says one user.ask for preffered type of membership to all estimate how much we will save waste by institutional one and.
[ person277 ] at [ organization2 ]...
and [ person247 ) at [ person237 ].
" i can only suggest nevermind, " i said.