It works even without installing anything.
Organizing of the IWSLT presentations is going to take some time.PERSON2 and PERSON3 discuss the details of the conference.
The conference starts at 9 am and ends at 6 pm Seattle time.
The deadline was already 3 days ago and the deadline was given by ACL.
There will be one panel, one paper, one poster, 20 minutesPERSON2 didn't see the emails before Monday because we had a long weekend.
(PERSON3) has failed to do the work on the workshop session.
The postponed review will be postponed till September.
People have seen the agenda before.Organization 10 wants to have the final versions of the financial tables with the deadline of May before the EU deadline of 2 months.
Organizing 10 will review the estimate numbers from Organization 10 and send them to Organization 10.
Organization 10 will send the final version of the estimates to OrganizingThe dry run for the report on NLP technologies was due at the end of May.
The numbers will be approximate, but it's to test whether they understand each other and to get the final numbers in July.
The reviewer on spoken language translation, which is overseen by Organization 7,PERSON13 is reviewing the sheet.
(PERSON12) wants more input in the scientific dissemination part of the report.
There are going to be about 200 people at IWSLT.
PERSON19 created the website from Bibtech.
In the past projects, they asked for Bibtech entries of the papers.
In this case, they need to convert Bibtech into spreadsheet.
Organizing10 will let them know in a week or 2 in what format they need their papersThe workshop is for people not familiar with NLP.
All the main authors responsible for the deliverables have to have them by the end of this week or on Monday.
The reviewers have 2 weeks to process the changes and then 1 week to incorporate the changes.
They need to submit allThe new Congress date is from 30th of May to the 3rd of June 2021.
The workshop itself will be on the 1st of June.
The demo went well.
The power has been restored since yesterday afternoon.
The project officer will inform the project officer about the new date.PERSON3, (PERSON13) and [PERSON1] will do the internal pole during the end of this week.
On Monday or Tuesday the latest, they will have the dates and options ready for the demo.
The demo will take place in the 2nd half ofPERSON8 has no experience in docker.
He wants to know how to run docker on some virtual machines.
The rootless docker runs as root, but it's still insecure, because the files that the docker wr- writes back to the root will be owned by root.
The ASR systems are not integrated yet because of the missing segmentation.
Project5 uses CPU, whereas Project2 and Project1 use GPU.
The punctuator is GPU based.PERSON3, PERSON16 and PERSON19 discuss how to prepare a production and development system for the demo.All partners should avoid doing any updates to their workers shortly before the demo.
The demo was postponed because of the bomb and power outage, but it also put the demo at risk.
(PERSON17) feels the system is not ready for the demo, because there is no worker that does this yet.
The system is tested under research conditions only.
They are also working on the PROJECT3 test set.PERSON1, Person13, Person4 and Person3 are working on a project.
They need to prepare the proper staging of the systems.
They also need to finalize the fingerprints.
For some of the videos they need to present the same video twice, once with the properly devThe main message is that they will have a number of dry run sessions again and the date for the demo will be chosen.
They will present the videos twice, once with the devset chosen system and the second time with the test set chosen system.
The deadline for the project is DecemberPERSON2, PERSON3, PERSON19 and PERSON13 agree to ask for 2 or 3 months extension of the project.
They will make a decision on June 8.PERSON19 wants to have a technical call on the IWSLT before June 15th.
PERSON3 is happy with the progress of the project.
