And -.
(PERSON6) This is yeah, yeah, yes, this was actually the question.
(PERSON6) And uh, so I can I can say what we can do if we agreed to use it.
So it is so and it.
Here is the minutes that we've automatically found and you, and you open that open that and click yes to validate it.
(PERSON8) So the only thing is [PERSON1] <unintelligible> that minutes we have, or [ORGANIZATION2], I <unintelligible>.
Yeah, there is no more <unintelligible>.
You, what we have, uh.
So.
But it is a very different and we should say so -.
(PERSON1) Yeah, it's -.
(PERSON6) I think that more time will take ehm making it the formally in in in a good form that we can.
This is.
So.
(PERSON1) So the the way I see it now is that we should have a like one shared task assignment or well, maybe you have the A and B or.
But otherwise we can say that there is no training data that they have to like download that from the web themselves.
So that's the -.
So this is this is okay.
So.
I have -.
So, I think we should first decide if we do that, and if in case, we do that, how much of the meetings we should get out of that.
And and if it is very short it is it's kind of different task.
So.
So this is the.
(PERSON1) Yeah, but I have -.
So uh, so, and because of this here, yeah, because of this worry I don't want to invest annotation money into this.
(PERSON6) And and and this.
So -.
(PERSON1) So.
Let will be the [ORGANIZATION2] sessions summaries corpus, and that will be the transcript and the uh, and the minutes to that.
It is it is similarly different as the like the title, and the uh, and the abstract.
(A) I didn't, I didn't have time to make the heating, yeah, yeah, okay, uh.
So.
This is something that we uh, the session already uh, the the people in that area we find.
So.
(PERSON1) Yes, it is, it is something that should be done.
And that's it.
So you can the has this this the.
And then you would do that you would populate this there to structure with HTML of the minutes that you can download.
(PERSON6) We have it, uh, [PERSON8]?
So, and.
(PERSON1) The [ORGANIZATION2] is.
And uh, okay, so thanks a lot and I'm I'm -.
So.
I have -.
(PERSON2) Yes, but this is a source.
(PERSON8) Is, yeah, 96 <unintelligible>, but okay.
(PERSON6) Ehm, maybe <unintelligible>, okay.
So.
So you are in [LOCATION2]?
