 and ehm, we would like to share it with you [PERSON4] and [PERSON5] can your team.
Let's just think that uh, we already need it really working in well tested, uh,at the end of June.
(PERSON4) Okay, yes, so Monday, at nine, or ten or as you wish.
(PERSON9) Well, Monday at 10, let's see.
(PERSON1) Yeah, that's where the big question mark so at the moment, that's what I'm not so sure.
If you want to see right ASR output I'm not sure if  you will have to request the unsegmented text.
When when ASR decides that given given that (causes) so far, maybe  sentence would be better.
we should train our empty systems to work on all the individual lines that we are getting from these.
dependent mission translation that we have tried for for this [PROJECT3] so technically the segments are not too long,  (PERSON1) Sorry, [PERSON4], why does segmentation change, though it it sort of- it has.
(PERSON2) Um  for one thing it's also possible that if it is (I'm it knew hypothesis, the segmentation as we run output segmentation might be different.
The other possibility is that maybe if ASR only changes one word for the fact that my  one word.
actually starts in the middle of or like is it some continuation ehm of of something which already output.
or someone from [ORGANIZATION1] to validate these locks to to help us create a reliable locks from the ASR workers, and and make sure to try to look up of this thing in the existing code, uh, in the   ticket.
 I think that [PERSON1] we should try to train the models to be ready to accept like partial sentences,  So me and [PERSON5] will try to get the  this part working, which is like finetuning normal empty models for a bad-   (PERSON4) Wednesday, June 19, yeah.
and then I would indeed ehm rely on the [ORGANIZATION3]  platform to do to do the pipoting.
I I can report back to you.
But I can say that English- German to English is probably our best translations systems   transform model so would get better.
and German, yes, the German ASR [ORGANIZATION1] German English empty, because then we will be replacing this part was the [PROJECT2] worker that [PERSON1] will be developing, Now, now I have new idea that we can take paralel big paralel text only corpus then we are text to speech on it, (PERSON2) Yeah, so would I on this very most important thing would be text to speech on models one speaker.
ehm, even say, would be extremely useful for you to see the whole thing in in practice,  So another, [PERSON4] says another  option would be to force the platform to use particular worker for pipeline or for session, (PERSON9) I has just a question regarding your note in presentation platform the [PERSON4] experiments, We have sessions starting, stoping with regular election tranclation so it's four to six times a day,  So [PERSON5] please please remember that next time we we would like to make  of such failure to debug thats.