The goal is to synchronize the group, and the date and time of the week is chosen, so that it is fits to most of them.
If people can't come, it's not a problem.
Matus Zilinec will give a brief summary of what he has been workingThe consent to process the data within the team is not required.
It's only consent to use the data for summarization purposes.
The team is preparing for the Metaforum conference in December.
The conference will serve as a test event for the technology.
If the EUROSAI Congress isMichal Novak is using the rainbow model for paraphrasing for his work.
M has been working on collecting monoli- monolingual data for this model.
It is a problem to find spoken data.
He is in touch with Eda Subert for help.Facebook released a data and a model for mining parallel data in one hundred English-speaking languages.
On some of their testing data sets from IWSLT, the models are not much better than the best Edinburgh model, probably because they didn't train on spoken data.
In order toEbrahim Ansari is overseeing the development of the SLTF.
Vojtech Srdecny is moving more towards system integration.
Daniel Suchy will join them only from December.
The ELITR test set is completely finished.
Ondrej's wi-fi is working.The ELITR project wants to make SLTEV the standard evaluation tool for spoken language translation.
They want to publish it at a conference.
Ebrahim is in the Czech Republic and he is working on his things.
He will talk with Peter Polak about the evaluation of ASR systems on SLTEV.Next week O will come to UFAL and help Rishu with the evaluation of the systems.
Mohamad wants to talk to Sangeet, Rishu, Mohamad and maybe Umar about the censorship pipeline.
Bohdan has worked on multi-target machine translation for his master thesis.
Now he is working on ELITR to develop multi-source train set.
The cluster is full and it's hard to receive more than one GPU per machine.
Bohdan will double check if the paperwork is alreadyPeter Polak and Umar Faru are working on multilingual ASR systems.
Rishu will help them with the onlinezation of the model.Umar and Bohdan should train as a comparin- compa- comparison in using the exact same training data.
Umar also should be in touch with Bohdan.
Bohdan can contact R by e-mail if he's interested in doing some communication.After the lecture, Peter and Umar will stay for a while.
Peter is making Peter the host of this call.
P is working on improving ASR.
Umar wants to share the path with him.P is working on the same thing as the Interspeech challenge.
The main objective is to train a robust ASR.
P is using the Nemo toolkit.Next week P will be in Prague.
He will start to work on the multi-lingual ASR he created during his master thesis.
The data from the Interspeech challenge are private and cannot be used, so they need to check whether they can use them.U is leaving a message for P on mail.
They train the set and they test it.