Or maybe can can someone else, give it a try as well.
So uh there there is like natural shortening in the data.
(PERSON1) Yeah, so-

(PERSON6) (Probably) I will work it on tomorrow.
(PERSON6) And uh I I just saw the uh program for ([PROJECT2]).
(PERSON1) So even if we do the test of uh like the two concurrent uh subtitlings.
(PERSON3) Yeah, so I am compiling some (clusters) <unintelligible> (for that).
But there are some audio files uh where it, it gets converted to the <unintelligibile> format.
Uh so this should really be done uh all the time.
So uh every time, there should be a fresh download of [PROJECT1] test set, a fresh conversion and fresh evaluation.
(PERSON1) And you have the-

(PERSON3) I'll have a call with him.
Uh the uh-

So I'm I'm hoping that you will be able to have uh the multiple uh custom dictionaries in the ASR system.
(PERSON1) So you just convert the uh the uh international phonetic alphabet into the phonemes, uh, that uh uh that uh (cmu) knows.
(PERSON1) So that way uh these random errors, such as the example with this (four Ibm) instead of (Ibm).
And I think that this way uh the uh these uh systems should be able to to load it.
Uh, used to observe uh her more steep conversions, and uh now it uh um.
(PERSON2) But uh if if you have uh transcript, and we want just to do uh just to do uh time stamping.
There is possibility to use language model.
So I think that if if you [PERSON7] focused more on getting the numbers.
I- it's basically about uh the error rates uh in machine translation.
(PERSON3) Right now, one is from [ORGANIZATION1].
So you may be <unintelligible>

(PERSON3) Uh I have the scores, so that's why.
There is this problem that basically the length is incorrect.
(PERSON4) And how much time do you have to work on the German ASR? (PERSON5) So I figured out that actually in the fi- in some of the files there is, you don't just hear the interpreter.
That it's picking up the wrong person, actually.
(PERSON4) And <laugh> if she says that not, even when the quality is good, then then we don't need to care much about the rest.
Various manual is also available for that package.
(PERSON6) And just let me <unintelligible>.
(PERSON2) Uh uh I guess that they are so mhm.
I will let you know an email or (flight), because tomorrow I I uh am usually off for Friday prayer on Friday for ten to twelve.