the czech republic government lifted the rules in june.
the czech government has lifted the rule since the beginning of june.
if it's not in the same region, it'll have to wait until june for the free circulation of people's information.
if you want to go out, contact the local samaritans on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local.
com.you can't go to the forest or something? ( person )5 ) ( person5 ) " i kept my distance from everyone but like it was green there, " says person5.
( person9 ) ).
" we are able to go out even if it is not like the necessary groceries or stuff like this, and -...
"the postponement of our regular meeting should be in september.
" we've got every partner - - a partner from everywhere, thats great, " says person8.
the post will be released in september, and it's expected to be in the summer.
click here for all the latest from the post.if it's not your deliverable and you would like to read it just tell me.
the initial asr system is not providing in asr systems as it is.
it will be helpful if it is not your internal review person for any of these six pre - planned deliveries.the summarization of what can we review is a problem we contribute everything.
" i think that we should ask for an extension for this deliver because congress has not taken place...
" " i hope that this one will not be needed, " says one person." organization4 " is also developing their own systems in this area.
it's also developing its own system system, which is also working on the web.
" i think i could i - - and if we are not - - - i could...
i could - - do that, " says person6.organization8 has coordinated a number of projects.
the project management guide will be reviewed by person5.
co.
uk.
it's not the first project to be reviewed, but the best position would be to read a fairy tale.
" i'm apparently writing it, " says person6." i don't know, i think we managed to avoid such a thing before, " says person5.
" there must be some project management guide from previous project...
and it says just czech management guide " " this is the first iteration of that deliverable deliverable, " said person5's creator." we can manage the project even without a guide, " says person6.
" it probably was copy - pasted from somewhere...
and no.
one would like to read it, " said person5.
" i don't remember such a thing, no.
i'll write something.
"the internal reviews should be ready by mid june at the latest.
so that we can start writing and the due date has not been shifting, so that they should start writing.
so, that's when we have two weeks to finish that...
and that should be the end of june.the congress of organization7 congress is set to take off in august.
the congress will take it off in the end of august.
there is no need to like think that of specifically, because it won't happen until august.
one more milestone is in december, and there will be - - the congress.the project1 test sets a date for the delivery of the test sets.
it's not yet known how the project will be delivered.
the project is expected to be released by august.
the test will be available on kickstarter and will be on sale later this month.the layout of the test sets consists of these raw documents, curated to serve well, linebay, segmented, everything.
it's also asr test set, but the actual set of documents will depend on the set of languages you want to test.
the part of this repository is directory of file lists.the project1 test set is set to begin in august.
it's a growing much slower than i wanted to do.
if we were really wanting this for the organization7 congress we will be in a bit of trouble.
we have to have included more people we have any more people to the map.if it's the speech type of test set, it will be the standard ( poll ) for the part - particle purpose.
if it ’ s the machine translation test set then it is the standard.
it needs to some clarification, like how to name the files.the result of the set of files that you can test on will be a fixed file list cord called year 2 slt test set.
it would automatically be able to create the file lists.
this would gradually grow as we will be covering more and more languages.
it's also possible to create a list cord with this type of data list cord.sacrebleu has a way to just yet be a text.
it would do automatical downloaded and then the file list name name is uh, uh, and it would put the commit id the current commit id into the fingerprint id.
" we're totally agree that the public use of these test sets, the should be limited to few "the sltf is a private repository for information on speech audits.
it's now under like have it testing for the audible slt share task evaluation.
it will be available to the public in the coming months, and it'll be available on the web.
the slt tool is free to download, but it will still be available.spoken language translation is the sacrebleu for spoken english translation.
sltf does include delay and latency and also the well the wasted effort.
the sltf also includes latency, and the well wasted effort, to reward the same amount of effort.
it's not as good as sltf's, but there is two measures to make it work.the sltf should serve us like what is ideal set - up.
it was boring to integrate the model itself to the wrong model and watch the output or - - asr and translation quality regardless the delay the delay is delaying, and the process is hard to run, says the writer.yahoo has no choice but to send the actual source code.
the lock file we have to do is for lock files.
this is the time when the award was starting to be authored.
here's what you do with the lock files, and then you trust the participants.
click here for all the latest from this article.people can misinterpret and also the forced alignment that we're running.
the only way to measure that is to run the models or a serve the model.
it's in your own network model that like attention somewhat flows, but it still floats around.the so - called project1 test set up by project6 people to help students understand what locks should be.
it's possible for volunteers to do slavery task on the data.
if you can find someone who can do it, you'll have to pay volunteers for the translation.if we are unable to find speech domain and auditing domain, we will ask the people to find these texts monolingually and translated maybe back to czech.
this is the wrong direction of translation, but it's more reliable with respect to respect the domain of interest.the irish supreme auditor apparently translates lot everything into irish.
he apparently translates everything into one great website of of speeches and events.
this is what we should do for the well represented languages, so we should cover them as well,'he said.
he added that if we are under represent to ( languages ), we should work on this and for a lot of irish state.the project was started when the eu still existed.
it's now finishing the overview of the audible slt test set.
if we do this over the next couple of weeks, we'll see what happened.
the test set will be available to pre - order on kickstarter.if we test with these test sets, it will be very easy to deliverable for august.
there is no particular request for the scenario, but there's no specific requests for the scenarios.
" it's like overloaded and you're the integration partner, " says person16.organization2 has been working on this retranslation approach for the past years.
it's not the first time that the users are afraid of what [ organization2 ] is working on for.
the users seem to prefer a delay, and the users will not complain.
if we are able to make the retran, then the users won't complain.we only tested this simulator asr this morning about retranslation.
" it's a question that's whether we see it as a priority or not, " says the simulator's creator.
" i think there will be people of different groups, " he says.
the simulator will be tested at the end of the project.we should do less of it or we get the end and say ou, we should retranslations a terrible idea.
we would still have instability, isn't it,'says one person.'we're not learning up before the end,'he adds.if there are no updated asr hypothesis then they mt hypothesis.
there is a big improvement in how much improvements are for flickering.
the new generation of eh models are now in direct translation.
the search group is now working on a way to improve the quality of the data.if you listen to german, you don't know what the verb it so you make prediction and reproduction wrong.
but even extending could still lead flickering the mt it's like you listening to german.
so, even extending extended sentences could still still lead to flickering.'i think there is a lot of research going on right now...
but maybe that's bad to.
'asr and mt will both be available for the first time in the u.
s.
users will be asked whether they preferred to wait for the german verb to be added to the german language.
the new generation of the asr models will be able to rethink some aspects of the language.we are trying to run gpt tool to predict tail of the sentence.
it's like, the asr so bad that the prediction is like totally off, and so far it doesn't work at all, but we're trying this guessing.
if we think we'll be able to do this well enough and half a good enough confidence eh explicitly in the models.if you're a member of the demo, it's a - - 17 than 4.
the so 11th seems like the average...
but it ’ s too soon to say it, says person16.'i mean it again,'says person 16.'we're going to have to do the communication 'if you could create the doodle poll with time slots already for [ person4 ] it's better if we ( post ) the final proposal informally informally as a doodle and then ask [ person ]4...
in both partners it should be.
so we will learn set up the vote, send it to.
< unintelligible.if you would like to present to the project officier, it would be probably the safe solution.
" i think it could be some low like french watching session, " says person6.
" we will not vote to presente the same thing online, " said person13er.we are doing translation and translation, which is not subtitling by some kind of summarization.
" the idea screenshare is a good one, " says one person.
" you talk about the item, didn ’ t really understand, and i didn't...
"cnn's tedx talk segment is the audio gonna be easier for asr.
it's a better way to sell what we are doing, says person1.
the segmentation will be easier than news broadcast is supposed to be in english, the prime language of the day.the system does not put the full stop to the day.
it is about partly by having better models.
it's about having better model than that to start internally, says person99.
he could propose some german talks that are uh, on this and we should test the whole set up.thanks for joining, i'm in very close contact with you.
i still need to peel the potatoes, and will be in close touch for for the demo in the coming days.
" thanks...
i've got to pick something up for you, " i said.