you are preparing the link into the - ( ( person8 ) ), says person5.
you are searching for some reference to the evaluation.
the link is already in the corrector ( user8 ), according to the user8.
com / person89.
( person5 ) : ye, ye no, ye, no, no...
or as far as they will be ready." i don't understand this upload thing...
so did you do something with that already? " " i'm not sure, okay i will try to, so i will copy paste it to the today's gender, " said person8.
" i just want to know what else should we disscus today else "the name of the european environmental aconomic accounts for around 10, 000 years.
you can find some meeting from 2011 for example.
the name could be from if you went to the data, europarl data, and search.
here, you search for some ehm name.we are within the organization2 website's corpus created for machine translation purposes.
we have shown snapshot of the interface which they have done for the annotation tool ( person8 ) you can see that what they are following like the based or is some kind of the - - but what should i do?there were some interface and the example of it can be delivered to the human annotators.
but this is just a web application which they have shown the snapshots.
it's not a meeting...
but the other paper they haven't shown is ehm.the interface is based on the description of the figure.
it needs somebody with the user rating and user queries.
this is query and summary based on what you have given this for user ratings.
it's a little different than our...
but they have the for the ratings they have given you this.
for the rating, yea.the transcript is a paper from 2020 september.
it shows what kind of people are performing for the summarisation systems.
the transcripts are asked by scene board the transcript and the summary.
the summary is based on the web - based summary of the material.
it is expected to be released later this year.the annotators don't have to compute each and - - they will replay the data.
" we will have the questions for while which the data would.
replay, " said person5.
" i want to understand the work for first...
how would it work, " he said." i don't know how the manual evaluation works mutely, " says person5.
" i'm still not sure how this can work mutely " " i think that building an interface would be a good thing...
like doing it manually, " said person5's creator.once we have the rating scale, we are okay with the drafting of a rating scale.
the drafting is very much boring, but it's at the annotator's task.
" i'm absolutely ok with the draft maybe, " says ye, yea.people will be able to read on the cautions one to five.
the equation will be computered automatically.
you can also choose two minutes which are easier to read.
the algorithm will be used to calculate the amount of time a person spends on a person's life." we all can annotate a single minute, " says person8.
" if we do have annotators, definitely they are also gonna have judge, " person8 says.
" i think for the first time, we are not going ahead with the alignment thing, " she says.the paper was written by person5 people in person.
you can't have progress with the new thing, but not something new.
it took me really long to fix that, and i do insure it with the < unintelligible'' i'm trying to do it with our data which...
also the summarisation which i ’ m implementing 'there are only three four papers on this - - one for evaluation and two for short minutes.
" i have sent you the meeting with one transcript and two short minutes, " says person5.
" you might have done the papers i think...
this is what you are doing [ person8 ] at the moment, " said person4.the data set is even more.
accurate than the ones that are available in a folder for each meeting.
it's not just a meeting, but a process that can be done offline.
" you have the asr and the minute, " says one person8.
" we can also send the automatic evaluation that the paper wants to.
"" i will link them in five minutes i think just opening the cluster, " she says.
" i'm sure i can...
i'll link them to five minutes.
i will connect them in 5 minutes, " says person88.
" you've got to do something to help you, " he says.