To have all this spreadsheet with all the annotators that download their data there, it's very nice.
(PERSON2) Ok, so [PERSON1] I was like looking through the task that we need to do.
As specifically I need to do very quickly for the like for the workshop proposal.
That what, what we have to do very quickly is we have to uh set up the website now.
And he reverted to me back with a link and say that you can do it there.
So I'm get to see that how it looks like to do with the [ORGANIZATION1], ah, website.
What I was wondering like if we can quickly do it on a Github or something.
I do not know, like how much it time will take to do with the [ORGANIZATION1] website?
So, let me first look into that um, like, how does it works, uh, to do with <unintelligible> and something.
So I have to see, but if it is, if it is tough, I would not do.
So one thing is setting up the website, but the website should have, uh, the content like, ah, the call for participations.
Like, let me write it first version, and then, um, like maybe you, [PERSON3] and [PERSON4] should comment on that.
So after this is done then at the same time [PERSON1] I will also ask you [PERSON1] and [PERSON3].
Yeah, so I will share with both of you a <unintelligible> e-mail for that we will resending to people we know and we want to-
I don't have any, I don't have any connections in this summarization field.
(PERSON2) No, no, not require, not require [PERSON1], not require to like only for summarization, ok?
(PERSON1) They will know that they are good, but at the same time they will not know that they are summarization people.
So even big and like agree to do uh review at least one or two papers.
(PERSON2) You can just ask them, because eventually, like finally, it depends on how many papers we are getting.
And then we can invite more people based on how many papers we are getting, okay?
So that is <unintelligible>  requirement, but for in the website we have to show at least, I will say approximately around more than 20 people in the program committee.
So like we have many good uh contexts, like, for example, from [ORGANIZATION1] only we can have two or more than three or four people.
(PERSON2) And so let us let me write the draft e-mail and share it with you.
So uh can you open that particular doc that I shared uh <unintelligible> about inter-
Uh so the thing is like a for the website we need this thing uh to be ready.
So, he is yet to respond back that we should do the individual membership, or we should do institutional membership so that we have to know what to do.
(PERSON2) Yeah, so we have to also like get the <unintelligible> membership right.
(PERSON2) And I was looking at the, into some challenges of for the last year and their websites.
So we are going to like make that uh similar to them.
And uh maybe like uh, I will also copy on to it so that he can also invite some more people into the program committee.
Because, you know, like um, usually in workshop, like we used to have a big organizing committee, and some people are from <unintelligible>.
So that is, anyway, I did not thought like, um, like making a share task would be that much challenging.
Well, I <unintelligible> that it is challenging since why I was so much unsure about making workshop that.
But thing is that there are like, like, the organizing committee is very big.
And also a bit on writing the paper uh for that uh, but I did not like, um, <unintelligible> share task I guess it there is so many things that we need to take care of.
(PERSON1) Yes, we don't have, we don't, we don't actually have scientific input.
(PERSON2) Yes and I believe, like if to make it a workshop we definitely need at least one or two people who have a background in summarization.
It means to give the participants a totally new task and asked them to make mixed experiment and then compare the results.
I really, I can 't help beat frustrated how it is it is possible to do.
(PERSON2) Yeah, I think uh like uh, even if we call it a workshop, but it will be mostly challenge specific.
(PERSON2) And for the like <unintelligible> speakers also like we have to invite some <unintelligible> for the input.
Uh so, but uh like they did not like, they didn't like responded affordably so they were actually not available.
(PERSON2) But the thing is that we <unintelligible> to like the like what unquote very famous people from some relation who were like, you know.
(PERSON2) No, I 'm going to ask him to be a part of the program committee because he declined to be a part of the organizing committee.
He should be, if he agrees, he is a good part of an organizing committee.
But feel uh [ORGANIZATION2] is is organizer, so it does not make sense, like someone from [ORGANIZATION1], right?
(PERSON2) As a <unintelligible> does it make sense like someone from [ORGANIZATION1] to deliver the keynote?
So if it is somebody, why not if it could be, if it is an authoritative person who knows about the topic, but I do not know the person.
(PERSON1) As as I think about summarization, I knew just a couple of very young students who began to do the year.
(PERSON2) Yes, I try to figure out what are the other things that we need to take care of.
