one uh one transcriber of germany is working on the german subtitle user study .
one of them wants to do it alone until the tenth of december .
another wants to continue with the deliverables .uh, it's great that [PERSON5] now has the time .
it would be great if we could train empty systems so that they do the shortening .
if you have time, there is no way we could do it for the next week .it could be quite easy to implement the shortening in this in this model .
the only other possible candidate would be [PERSON12] from uh, the [PROJECT5] project .a lot of effort is to be put into uh preparing for the seminars next week .
one thing is the Monday seminar.
Uh that should be done very easily .
(PERSON6) Uh no, I don't have the webpage for ([PROJECT2]).(PERSON6) I'm a bit afraid that the (mayborl) probably won't be prepared till tomorrow .
tomorrow I'll be working on the Monday similar model as well .
uh, without domain adaptation, it would be useful test .some videos are not getting some audios or videos aren't really connected properly into a 16 (cave) format .
[PERSON3] is compiling some (clusters) unintelligible> (for that).i've been telling people that we want to evaluate on [PROJECT1] test set since august .
uh every time we run this evaluation, it should be run from scratch .
before you try, you never know what will be the the the problem ."as soon as you have any numbers.
please.
please send them to me," PERSON5 says .
"i'm also simplifying everything so that, uh, we won't have.
I think"uh, you will have some numbers to to choose, which of the ASR systems should be used .
(PERSON6) No, I do not yet know how to run (SLDF)there is a lot of noise in this dictionary .
you can have different versions of this dictionary by taking only the words that were observed five times .
but you will have the very ends in pronunciation .the dictionary will have three columns.
the grapheme as it is output.
the third column.
that will be the same again for all of those.
uh, again, the same graphem form.
you will run into one more problem that it's not ready for two big custom dictionaries.there are some uh serious errors in the in the ASR output .
it's possible to enrich the language modal by texts .
if we want just to infer (obtain) transcripts, then we can use language model .
there is possibility to use the language model for the rest of the 100 hours .get one number the baselines now and the uh.
Uh, the improved.
.
we can still move Monday to Tuesday .
([PROJECT2]): Tuesday is already the ([projected] day .uh, the (bottom line) in quality was the ASR quality .
(rainbow empty models) had better scores than rainbows workers .for some folders, the output is like totally terrible .
it may be caused by the speaker.
Maybe he doesn't speak clearly .
the annotator will ca- ca- filter them out the.
By by herself .(F F M P G) just returns the error for those files .
(Person4) Yeah, it's actually od-.
Ah, wait.
Then it should.
I don't know why it didn't.
(PERSON5) Yeah, I will try it once more.if you provide me with a la- language model, then i can only provide you the texts .
(PERSON4) Yes, but without punctuation also .
if it doesn't work, then I can apply some sort of filter to cut off the effort .a package of our language.
Which automatically converts the (IP) to unintelligible> the other way .
if you would uh these phonemes in phonemes that would be great for me .
(PERSON6) I can take a look at the .mhm.
(PERSON6) laugh> unintelligible> I don't know the uh a pronunciation of any of these vowels .
if you're typing (in this chat) you'll be able to see a map of the phonemes .there should be some uhm.
There should be examples .
if you click on a phoneme, it's in (bat), (burnt) or (other_yawn) there is an example like (not not bird) in our dictionary .if you could just convert these (IPAs) to the alphabet phonemes.
that would be great .
(PERSON6) Okay so I will get in touch with you.
Probably tomorrow .