(MU) So [PERSON7] is gonna be there in the meeting? Ah, ah, today [PERSON7] did send ah, that TDID for keyboard extractor.
(A) Because they are all the most frequent its.
They are they are seriously, they are hilarious.
So that is one of the biggest problem of meetings summarization.
So this is something we also noticed very early uh uh that the- these are some random words which are uh the usual word which we speak are occuring into the summarization of so this is the biggest drawback of meeting data which needs to be handled someway.
<unintelligible> after one month, so if you if you say January 15 by February 15 we should know that whether we are accepted in <unintelligible> or not.
(O) This is, this is, yeah this is preferable if we make it timewise, so thats thats a cricital problem so if the timing is harsher or not any better than interspeech then it doesnt make sense to go for sick dial because the sick dial itself is earlier.
(T) Yes, for that, so another date for sick dial is like uh the papers that would be submitted in our shared task would be reviewed by the program committee of sick dial and they do not guarantee that whoever our participants are we can like in like choose and invite that who would be presenting because.
(O) Yeah thats okay, like I would not see that as a big problem, increasing the quality of the shared task paper is fine if there is enough time for the submission.
So thats the critical thing so so [PERSON27] I've read the document or I've opened it already in the morning but the problem is that I havent found the the paper submission deadline for sick dial and that is critical.
I mean their main one then there is no point in going for sick dial.
<laugh>
I dont think that the, I dont think that the application procedure for us is easier.
(T) But uh again, the sick dial thing is probably like uh what an honest thing that is probably, ah, it is already established to attract more participants, and that the uh application proposals we already have, so it is easier.
I agree that the people would spend two weeks working on the submissions at most in some, but they need to have three months of sitting, just like having it on their to do lists.
Regular papers for special session papers would be a March, and that is, Ah, the same timing here.
If we get accepted, we should try and and try to get accepted.
(A) I would not do that never, so I'm not.
And then, I like thought, what other topics? And that, you know, because when we have a problem, we know people from the simulation committee, and we can reach out technically reach out to them.
Because if the paper is worth publishing.
Like, it is only a bonus that the paper has some shared task result appearing in the satellite event.
So yeah, I think it is okay, so we do not need to ask for a special session in any of well in interspeech.
Ah, ah, if you do not, ah, do it for the interspeech deadline.
(O) Um, ah, that is, I hope that we will know.
I do not know, maybe you, maybe you had that person responding.
(O) And in that case, the institutional is better, probably because the institutional is, I assume, that the institutional is kind of like for five researchers and two students, or something like that, though.
(T) So for a full member regular rate is one year, is sixty euros, and for a student member for one year, it is 20 euros
(O) Yeah so.
(O) So that corresponds to four members from the institution.
So they have reduced fee for interspeech.