<transcript>
(PERSON8): Ehm, thank you.
[PERSON5] what are you doing?
You are preparing the link into the-
(PERSON5): Ye, Ye, Ye
No, no, I'm just aligning that link of the web interface, which is already there one in the corrector-
(PERSON8): So [PERSON4] we have discussed with [PERSON5] your negotation.
And we are talking about how to implement the negotation.
[PERSON5] prepaired some crieteria, so the guidelines for the evaluation. 
But they are not fully ready yet so as far as they will be ready she will share it with us.
And ehm well, just reference.
(PERSON4): Also are there any links to them for the menu of the evaluation thing?
(PERSON8): What?
(PERSON4): Are there any links to that of the-
Ye, for the manual evaluation thing.
Are there any links that we can see or what?
(PERSON8): [PERSON5] is searching for some reference to the evaluation.
[PERSON5]?
(PERSON5): Ye, I am searching I I did hadn't half of the copy of it.
And I am finding-
(PERSON8): Okay
And I had so many papers to find.
(PERSON8): Okay, Take your time and maybe as you have it just paste it please.
(PERSON5): Ye I will, I'm just finding it.
(PERSON8): So I actually wanted to talk to [PERSON2] today and he planned to join us.
But i don't see him up at the moment.
So [PERSON4] did you manage to upload-
ayeye.
<parallel_talk>
Did you manage to upload the europarl sources?
Was it okay?
Did you try to make the alignment script?
(PERSON4): I did with you [PERSON8] for like I have to collect the minutes so-
I don't understand this upload thing.
(PERSON8): Well not upload, so did you do something with that already?
(PERSON4): Ye, ye, so, the thing is like I'm starting the I'm starting the web that how to croll those minutes.
And how to like find what is actually there in the [ORGANIZATION2] corpus and how we do that link with the web.
So that kinda need to understand first.
And I'm also in touch with [PERSON1] <unintelligible> because he has done-
(PERSON8): Ehm, Ehm, okay.
(PERSON4): So I just connected with him and maybe will be skipping meeting later this week.
So.
(PERSON8): With [PERSON1]?
(PERSON4): Ye, ye, with the [PERSON1], ye.
(PERSON8): Okay, so this is clear.
What should we disscus today else-
What else should we?
(PERSON4): I just want to know a few things from you regarding that europarl website maybe you can guide me.
(PERSON8): Yea.
I'm not sure, okay I will try to.
(PERSON4): Okay, so from the source like from the transcripts that we have.
Can you look at the minute in the website?
(PERSON8): Yes, so for each transcript in europarl you can find the minutes.
(PERSON4): So can you just show me that?
Can you just share the screen-
(PERSON8): Ye, if you see the gender.
This is the link to the from 9. from 9. October.
I will copy paste it to the today's gender.
So that you can also open it.
I will show the screen.
(PERSON4): Ye
(PERSON8): Can you see it?
(PERSON4): Ye, Ye.
(PERSON8): Ye, so if I follow the link I may open this search for minutes, here's minutes, and here's a search.
And I am searching recent the years.
For example 2009 to 2014.
And let's search for some ehm name.
And the name could be from if you go to the data, europarl data.
Let's find some.
Let's find some meeting from 2011 for example.
It says the name European environmental aconomic accounts (debate).
And we can look in the title.
Just copy paste it and search.
I didn't find it I don't know why.
(PERSON4): So it might be in the other range, so the [ORGANIZATION2] script is from 9 to 14 I guess.
That must be in other range.
(PERSON8): No I found it, but yes.
(PERSON4): Okay.
(PERSON8): Yes, this is the one, there were certain additional to that.
So this seems to be the one.
Six six, oh maybe.
Yes, so you can see ah, six six 2011, this is six six 2011.
And here you can see that this name corresponds to chapter eight year, sixteen.
And this is here, you just click on it.
(PERSON4): So once you open it we get the minutes?
(PERSON8): Yes, now, here are the minutes.
(PERSON4): This is just the minute right?
(PERSON8): Yes.
(PERSON4): Okay.
I don't know if this website has gotten index of the minutes just like it had for the transcripts.
(PERSON8): Which index, the index does not correspond.
Because the indexes here, these ones correspond to the court was not the whole [ORGANIZATION2].
And here we are so on the web we are within [ORGANIZATION2] website.
And here here we are not on within the [ORGANIZATION2] website.
We are within the corpus created for machine translation purposes.
(PERSON4): Ye, ye, ye.
So I think this corresponds with manually verified this corresponds cause this one is a-
(PERSON8): Yes, yes.
(PERSON4): So chapter that is 16 is also like 16.
(PERSON8): Yes, yes.
(PERSON4): Okay.
(PERSON5): [PERSON8], I have linked the reference in the agenda.
They has on the intereface maybe you can just have a look.
So they have shown snapshot of the interface.
(PERSON8): I can't open it.
Oh, no sorry is my-
(PERSON5): There are two links, one to different links.
(PERSON8): What is that?
This is some paper.
(PERSON5):Ye this is some paper, they have shown the interface.
So you want to just see that what they are following like the based or is it some kind of the-
So they have shown us a snapshot of the interface which they have done for the annotation tool
(PERSON8): But what should I do with that?
(PERSON5): You can see the snapshot.
How they have built this tool for annotation of the valuation.
(PERSON4): This is from [ORGANIZATION1], oh, interesting.
(PERSON8): This [PERSON6] is a colleague.
(PERSON4): Oh, okay.
(PERSON8): Where is the snapshot?
(PERSON5): Yea at the end, at the end of-
(PERSON8): Ehm, ehm.
(PERSON5): There were some interface and the example of it can be shown.
Which can be delivered to the human annotators.
(PERSON8): Which figure is that?
(PERSON5): You have opened Fact-based Content Weighting?
Or Evaluating Interacting Summarisation?
First link or second link?
(PERSON8): Fact-based.
(PERSON5): Okay, so in the fact-based the figure number ehm.
After the in the after the references you can find that.
(PERSON8): Entry aha.
(PERSON5): Number two-
(PERSON8): Yes, this one says looking at now.
Yes?
(PERSON5): Yea, they have an interface.
But this paper does not have their base interface as a meeting.
The interface we haven't shown it-
(PERSON8): Okay
(PERSON5): It is the based our it is not by base.
We haven't mentioned it.
But the other paper they it is it is ehm.
(PERSON8):This one?
(PERSON5): Are you sharing your screen?
(PERSON8): Yes.
(PERSON5): Ehm, yea.
If you could just scroll down after the references.
Yea.
(PERSON8): There is anything, where is it?.
(PERSON5): Yea, so I wanted to show you that here itself in on page number-
(PERSON8): This blue one, yes?
(PERSON5): Ye, at the bottom implementation details.
Ye, see.
Can you see this web application I just retry it.
Web develop this web application for the front-end.
(PERSON8): No.
(PERSON5): They have just in this diagram.
They have just it is not shown the transcript and the summarisation.
But this is just a web application which they have shown the snapshot.
But in the implementation details they have mentioned the entire thing.
That where they have this summary and transcript which they have put in the web application.
(PERSON8): Now you speaking about which figure.
(PERSON5): So I'm this is the interface which can be seen in web application.
(PERSON8): Where?
(PERSON5): The blue one.
It does have web application front-end which.
Ye the figure number two.
The figure number two.
They have they have given this for user ratings.
As you can see from the description of the figure.
So it needs somebody with the user rating and user queries.
This is query and summary based system.
A little different than our.
But they have the for the ratings they have this web application.
(PERSON8): So you propose to make something like that?
(PERSON5): So I and if you see to like after the references can you just go after the references?
After the references theres a before this yea before this 
There is a section.
B section and B.
B section.
Yea, yea.
So this practical task, ye.
Here, ye this page.
Just scroll down.
Scroll down a little [PERSON8], ye.
If you can see here they have this Evaluation Session Collection.
So they have these cautions.
Which the humans human annotators do answer.
That how usefull was the summerization and all these cautions.
It starts from the previous page.
Maybe you can see the previous page as well it-
(PERSON8): Ehm.
(PERSON5): Yea so if you can see the Trap Task.
There are different cautions which are answered by annotators.
And how good is the summary
So they have this entire web interface.
So we will disscussing whether we should have web interface or something.
So this is a paper from 2020 September.
Recent paper.
So I told you that what i reviewed from the various papers regarding the evaluation.
So regarding evaluation matrix some of them have the their interface as a fact-base.
And some of them does not have.
So I just wanted to show you how how what kind of people-
What kind of manually valuation people are performing for the summarisation systems.
(PERSON8): Okay.
So they are giving some set of cautions to the annotators.
And based on the web-
There are annotators are asking by scene board the transcript and the summary.
(PERSON8): Well, fine. 
I'm totally happy with that.
So if you create something like this.
This is very good.
(PERSON5): Okay, so I will form this airdraft and send you and please finalize.
And then I will do the implemetation.
(PERSON8):Yes thank you.
Yes thank you.
(PERSON5): So I just wanted to confirm that is the web base good for us or something else is is.
Are you expecting something else like.
(PERSON8): No, we are not expecting any specific.
I think you just come up with what you consider to be the best.
Taking to any-
(PERSON5): Ehm.
(PERSON8): In the state of <unintelligible> or what is.
So what you've already done is very beautiful.
So you have some papers, you have confirmed fact-based.
And non non web web based and have have chosen web base.
So it's totally okay if it works.
(PERSON5): Yea, even I wanted to ask the contented would it would it be good for shared task.
Because I think the annotators will be able to evaluate it in in a better way.
If you just have web base interface for manually evaluation.
What do you say?
(PERSON4): I want to understand the work for first.
How would it work.
(PERSON5): Ehm.
(PERSON4): Like <unintelligible> beginning.
How would it work.
(PERSON5): So, what I proposed is that we have the transcript and the reference in the interface.
So we build inteface which shows the transcipt and the summarisation.
And then the annotators do give rating to it.
And that awaited score can be calculated automatically.
So the annotators do not have to compute each and-
Because there are so many minutes and the ones which are generated.
So the annotator cannot do it manually each each equation.
The start system which we made.
So building an interface for it would be a good thing.
Would it help our shared task.
(PERSON4): So I just want to understand that supposed we have the interface.
And we will have the questions for while which the annotators would.
Would replay.
So do you want to do it for all the data.
(PERSON5): Yea, yea, yea.
All the data.
(PERSON4): You mean the train test where you just share everything, yes?
(PERSON5): Yea, because the main purpose to build this manually evaluation.
Is to help by shared task, right?
So-
(PERSON4): Yea, I would like to understand how.
How, how.
(PERSON5): So how will we evaluate the generated minutes by the participants.
(PERSON4): So that's what I'm asking.
So thank you for the prooving details we already <unintelligible> for the testing data.
(PERSON5): So what do we want?
That's what I'm asking that what do we want for shared task.
Do you want it for training data.
Or you want it for both?
(PERSON4): I'm still not sure how the manual evaluation work mutely.
I don't unders-
We have a very <unintelligible> set of questions here.
So that is that that is really like depending on a writer.
And maybe we need that early.
So that we can see and we can agree that.
Okay, based on this question.
This is a good summary and this is a bad summary.
Can we do that?
(PERSON5): Ye, ye, we can do that.
Maybe I will I will send you a both draft.
And you can just see to that.
And that's what I was asking that building an interface would be a good thing.
And will it help our shared task.
Because interface would a better thing.
Like doing it manually.
Just building the guidelines and heading forward to annotators.
I don't think that would be a good thing but.
Building an interface and giving them the link of the interface.
So they can just evaluate it.
That could be better-
(PERSON4): Ye, interface is fine.
Interface is fine.
I'm absolutely okay with the interface.
But before the interface we need to be sure about that.
Rating scale that we have-
(PERSON5): Ye, ye, this is what.
Yea, hmm.
(PERSON4): That is that is.
Because once we have the rating scale.
I'm absolutely okay with the inteface.
But it is at the annotator's task.
But first what are the question ye.
What is the rating scale.
What are the rates to each of the questions.
And then we have very cris example that what is a good summary and what is a bad summary.
So, once we haven't have that.
We are okay with the interface.
(PERSON5): Ye, that's that's that's what [PERSON8] and I discussed that for the drafting of each should be finalized.
And then we can-
(PERSON4): The drafting yes, the drafting is very much boring.
The drafting from our link is very much boring.
When you start the manual evaluation question there or maybe is that you are suggesting.
Or maybe what [PERSON8] suggested.
So that should be clear soon.
Ye.
(PERSON5): So let me share the draft maybe.
And then you will all please have a look on that.
So I was reading the paper how to actually add interface some constant values.
In that equation.
And there's something I'm reffering to it.
I'm reading the papers because I have some more measures into it.
Like coherence and read ability.
To three more measures.
Which people were considered a lot in their summarization systems.
So actually multiplying them with the constant value is is thing to be decided.
Okay so I will send the-
(PERSON4): So as I underst-
Understand so the coherence with the read ability and all these scores.
So that would be the human judgement, right?
(PERSON5): Yes.
What is automatically going to be is.
So humans are going to read on the cautions one to five.
And the equation will be computered automatically.
(PERSON4): Ye, ye that-
(PERSON8): I would just like to add.
I'd like to add that it would be that it is very hard work to make these evoluations.
So probably.
It will so it will take much very much time and very much effort.
(PERSON5): For the annotators?
(PERSON8): Yea.
(PERSON5): So yea, but [PERSON8] I think we need this in another way also.
Because to compare our automatic matrix.
(PERSON8): Yea, ye definitely.
But-
(PERSON5): Yea, so that we know that.
(PERSON8): And anyways it has a sense to speak about it after we see your <unintelligible> criterias.
(PERSON5): Yes, yes.
So should I make a different-
(PERSON4): [PERSON5].
Ye [PERSON5] please also while you put your criterias please also evaluate two minutes-
(PERSON5): Hmm, okay
(PERSON4): Okay, so that we can have the same set up of what good and bad minute looks like.
(PERSON5): Hmm, okay.
So [PERSON8] can you can you please do me a favor.
Can you choose some two minutes which are easier.
(PERSON8): So you want two different-
(PERSON5): Yea two small small minutes so that I can evaluate based on the measures.
[PERSON8], do you have any example how my cautions do work on a minutes.
(PERSON8): Yes I will-
(PERSON4): Maybe we all can-
(PERSON5): This is a good thing-
(PERSON4): Maybe we all can do like.
We all can annotate a single minute and then we will see based on [PERSON5]'s criteria.
Or audience criteria with judgement we all <unintelligible>-
(PERSON8): So we all three we will judge not draft the minutes.
We all of us will get-
(PERSON4): Judge, ye.
(PERSON8): Yes, everybody-
(PERSON4): With the transcript, ye.
(PERSON8): Yea, we will get transcripts and two different minutes.
And we will judge.
(PERSON4): Okay, yes.
(PERSON8): I will prepare it, I will prepare it.
(PERSON5): Yea, so it is it is I think a good idea so we can easily finalize the draft
(PERSON4): Yes.
So we may have conflicting opinions regarding the judgment.
But that is good to finally freeze out something.
(PERSON5): Yea, because anyway, if we do have annotators.
They are also gonna have the same thing.
Because if you give to ten annotators.
Definitely they are also gonna have judge.
(PERSON4): So [PERSON8] I would like to ask like for currently then we are not going ahead with the alignment thing, right?
(PERSON8): Say it once more, please.
(PERSON4): So currently we are not going ahead with the alignment thing.
(PERSON8): No, if you don't know anything me neither.
(PERSON4): I think for the first.
Yea, I think for the first shared task I would like absolutely keep everything as simple as possible.
And then once we have experience on that.
We go ahead with some innovations or novelties based on that.
And also the response from the participants.
(PERSON8): Yea, well I.
(PERSON4): So I would like to ask [PERSON5].
[PERSON5], if you have any progress on the automatic part?
(PERSON5): No, no I don't have.
Yea, I I do not have any progress with the new thing.
I did implement all of the existing to matrix.
But not something new.
(PERSON4): What are those?
What are those? 
What are the pr-
(PERSON5): So some eval and the one was the another paper <unintelligible>.
So I implemented the all the beginning of the paper.
But I didn't do something new.
So I was facing difficulties in those quotes only.
So I did.
It took me really long time to fix that.
(PERSON4): Okay, so can we just <unintelligible> about that.
(PERSON5): Hmm, about the papers which?
(PERSON4): Yea, no, I thought the matrix that you that you did.
(PERSON5): Okay, so I maybe link the papers which I implemented.
In the agenda.
(PERSON4): Yea, okay.
So did you try with our data or some other data?
(PERSON5): Yea, so I did try with our data.
That is one thing which I'm insure towards small portion.
But I do insure it with the <unintelligible>.
So this is only a new thing which I'm doing.
I'm trying to do it with our data which.
Also the summarisation which I'm implementing.
I'm doing it with our data and not the AMI and the ICSA corpora.
So-
(PERSON4): So on our paper do you have any figures that how the matrix work.
(PERSON5): So I haven't made my matrix until now.
It's really something-
(PERSON4): Yea, sorry, yea I mean.
Until now-
(PERSON5): Existed.
(PERSON4): Okay, so do you have any insights that how those work?
(PERSON5): Umm, so how do they work?
Maybe you can refer to the link.
(PERSON4): Okay.
(PERSON5): So I think you also might have done the papers I think.
There are only three four papers on on this-
(PERSON4): Evaluation.
(PERSON5): Yea, evaluation.
One is some eval so you also might also have come across that.
Did you?
(PERSON4): Yea, ye, ye.
(PERSON8): I have sent you the meeting with one transcript and two short minutes.
(PERSON5): Okay, thank you so much [PERSON8].
(PERSON4): And when [PERSON5] need to share the evaluation criteria and we would all would annotate.
(PERSON5): Yes, yes, sure.
(PERSON4): Yea, so I think if we can have like the europarl data with the transcript and the minutes align.
We we need not to worry about the data sights because if we-
(PERSON8): Yes.
One more note to that.
If we are able to align minutes and transcripts automatically what.
This is what you are doing [PERSON4] at the moment.
Then this is not a big difference to make much more data from all the years.
So I dont know if it makes sense but probably technically it will no-
These are already exemples these transcripts.
And the minutes are also available and if they are-
Even automatically extractable it may have sense to extract all the meetings that are available.
Then the data set is even more.
Not just europarl-
(PERSON4): So you mean.
So you mean the europarl-
Okay, okay so you mean that-
(PERSON8): So not just this 6 years but all the years.
(PERSON4): Yea, but let us draft for the 6 years.
<laughing>
And see how it looks like. 
So one thing [PERSON8] so you buy alignment so I'm like getting a little bit confused.
But alignment you mean that within a folder for one meeting.
You have the ASR and the minute, right.
(PERSON8): Yes, so to find for each meeting-
(PERSON4): Okay, because for-
(PERSON8): Each transcript finds its minutes this is the-
(PERSON4): The minutes, yes.
Because I did know we were talking about alignments between the transcript and-
(PERSON8): No, no, it's different.
(PERSON4): So yea, so let's not be 
(PERSON8): Ye, ye it seems bigger but I meant just finding minutes for each transcript. 
(PERSON4): Right, right so okay.
(PERSON8): Okay, somehow you didn't push us away today so they granted us woth extra time.
(PERSON4): No it's about to end in two minutes.
(PERSON8): Ah, okay, aha well fine.
So let's finish it for today.
(PERSON4): Yea I think yea.
And [PERSON5] and please also send the automatic evaluation that the paper of <unintelligible> want to.
And we can also like discuss it offline.
(PERSON5): Yes, yes, sure, I am just linking them.
So I have them on the cluster also.
So maybe I can.
The implementation I've done on <unintelligible>.
I will I will link them in five minutes I think just opening the-
(PERSON4): Yea, sure, sure, okay.
(PERSON8): Okay, thank you.
(PERSON4): Okay, thank you, bye, bye.
(PERSON5): Okay, goodbye.
<transcript>
