PERSON5 and PERSON6 are going to have a coffee meeting.
PERSON5 will send them a link to minutes and the organiser's link.
Person6 will also put the organisational2 link and the [ORGANIZATION2] link.PERSON5 and PERSON6 have problems with the organiser of organiser's meetings.
Organiser's meet is going to be free for one hour from next month, but they have to pay for it for the rest of the year.
They have a paid version of the organPERSON5 and PERSON2 send him the pre-processed automatic speech reconstructed transcript.
He listens to the audio and corrects the transcript.
After that he writes the minutes and sends them to me.
The original minutes were created by the annotators.The minutes of some of the meetings are very short and they contain just one line.
But on the other hand they are rea <ehm>, so they contain real names and they don't have errors in the content.
People have to check if their transcript and the minutes are okayPERSON4 and PERSON6 had a meeting with the person who deleted their team.
It deleted the team, but they will keep communicating with you in the same way and that they will manage (log it up) log it up.
PERSON4, PERSON5 and PERSON6 are discussing whether or not to use alignments in evaluation.
The proposal has to be submitted within the first week of November.
The manual measure is a manual measure for <ehm> automatic (minority).There are many automatic measures for summarising papers, but none of them works well.
The protocol I wrote is based on human evaluation.PERSON4, PERSON5 and PERSON6 discuss human evaluation in nature language.
If they don't come up with an alignment based manual evaluation, they will go with the <unrecognisable_speech> instead.(PERSON5) and (PERSON6) discuss the proposal and the data format of the basic sample trial.PERSON4 and PERSON6 discuss the format of the data storage from Sorbow to GateHub repository.
The format is stable, but there are some details to be worked out.PERSON4 does all the pushes in GateHub.
Before pushing, he renames the names in the cluster and anonymises the names of the annotators.
If he is allowed to do it so, he has to change all the names for each annotator.PERSON4, PERSON6 and PERSON3 will have a meeting tomorrow morning.PERSON4, PERSON5 and PERSON6 can't discuss anything without [PERSON5.