we have all partners present show i - if people so - - they can tell us further for the details.
if we have [ person10 ] on the call, we're not missing anyone else,'we say.
we also have a prototype implementation that we could test.
we've had the call on monday.the plan is to do the preprocessing and received requests so far.
it's only about to do preproccessing and received request so yet - - and is mary sorrow, and in - between will be mary sorrow.
" i haventt started on the actual [ organization2 ] worker yourself, " said person77.the project2 worker should send every segment to to project2 for translation.
" i had some problem with the internet connection, " said person7.
" we need to know where to start overwriting, " says person7's guess uh uh uh, uh uh.the only timestamps that we have are the beginnig and end of the sentence or < unintelligible.
" we have discussed this on monday, " says person7.
" i didn't get the point...
but at the presentation platforms must arrive only what we want to publish "the presentation platform would replace the textfield with with new messages.
this would then be replaced by the new texts.
but the incoming messages must be exactly what we want to be displayed on the uhm subtitle.
it will not be implemented any logic to manage the partial hypoteses and partial translation output.if the timestamp of the beginning would be higher than the current one, the field should be replaced with with the new content.
if this is an update, we would be displaying the contents from this timetamp on...
we would have to discuss this again a < laugh.the presentation platform will let you know if there is any prototype available at the moment.
the first prototype presentable should be at the 15th of june.
" i don't have any other information i have that < unintelligible, " said person7.
" we can have some working maybe for...
"do we plan to run any [ organization3 ] workers in [ location1 ], so especially the asr the asrs of english and other things as a fall back solution.
if there is hardware limits, we can run some from here, and then the whole chat window is flooded with messages not enough.the organization3 platform is open to anyone who wants to run the platform.
it's ok to use the platform to get the platform running, and if the workers are available, they'll have the platform run.
" i would be curious myself to see how that works with the workers available, " i said." we need to set worker with - - and we should be good, " says one user.
" it would be useful to have this image spread out for various reasons that you mentioned, " he says.
" so what is so 16 is already not comfortable for you? "ask [ person3 ] agrees that backup sides of asr workers is very - - very...
to have two sides providing the workers.
if you can connect that room, you'll reboot to windows.
and if you see the workers, then there'll be an oral.
click here for more information.the workers have one by one died out, but then it stocks and it doesn't return any output.
but in fact, he doesn ’ t output anything.
he says he'll'unintelligible'if he can't catch the one simply wrong come from.do it with offline asr and asr are the same problem.
the production client is different from the simple one only by a by - you - way.
the producer is different to the person behind the problem, so it's ok to test just your worker for some.linux based the - ( person8 ) system for us is fine.
it's also the same ebclient or not? ( person )8.
( person7 ) is a user8.
no.
if you click on this test, you'll resend the email...
and then the text text client.if you have any problems with these calls, please put it in the in the document here.
if you are starting to uh, to plan it, please let us know...
so we don't always need everybody.
i'm going to reboot and i'll try to lodge the organization3.if you're all windows already, you'll be in touch with you next week.
if you don't connect with the organization3, you can launch it in the next few weeks.
the next friday's meeting will be in the u.
s., where you'd like to meet with you.