(A) Hello.

Hello.

(B) Hello Anja.

Can you hear me?

(A) Hi.

Yes, I can hear you.

Sorry for delay.

I spoke to Ondrej in the in the next room.

And whose-

(B) Oh, ok.

(A) Muskaan is not coming?

(B) Nei, she is having fever actually.

(A) She is what?

(B) She is having fever so.

(A) Aha, she is ill.

(B) Yea, yeah, yeah, right.

(A) Oh yey, what is, is it Covid?

(B) I hope not.

(A) Many of my friends are having Covid now.

(B) Oh, <unintelligible>.

Oh, how is it looking now?

(A) I don't know, differently.

(B) Czech.

(A) In Czech Republic it is quite bad, but I do not know what is bad.

(B) Oh, Muskaan joined.

(A) Yeah, Muskaan joined. 

Muskaan Hi, how are you? 

(B) Hello, Muskaan can you hear us?

(C) Hi, can you hear me?

(A) Yes , how are you?

(C) Oh, actually I 'm-

(A) Oh, yey.

(C) <unintelligible> since-

(B) <unintelligible> list maybe <unintelligible>.

(C) Yeah, anyway was just lying down I can hear-

I'm getting bored actually now.

My mom is not letting me do anything.

So.

(A) Stay in the, stay in the bed and relax.

It's important.

To stay healthy.

(B) Yes.

To, Anja do you have anything specific to discuss today?

(A) Not very specific I wanted to thank you for preparing this Google forms for alignment annotations.

It's very useful and pleasant to use actually.

To have all this spreadsheet with all the annotators that download their data there, it's very nice. 

Really having overview for what was done.

And I can answer them, it's really nice.

(B) Ok, so Anja I was like looking through the task that we need to do.

As specifically I need to do very quickly for the like for the workshop proposal.

(A) Yes.

(B) And here it seems to be mimi.

So, so let me just quickly give you an overview.

That what, what we have to do very quickly is we have to uh set up the website now.

So, Ah I have connected to the person whom Ondrej reffered.

And he reverted to me back with a link and say that you can do it there.

So I'm get to see that how it looks like to do with the UFAL, ah, website.

What I was wondering like if we can quickly do it on a Github or something.

I do not know, like how much it time will take to do with the UFAL website?

(A) It may be similar.

I do not know either.

Should I ask Ondrej?

I have no experience with that.

(B) Okay, okay.

So, let me first look into that um, like, how does it works, uh, to do with <unintelligible> and something.

Because I'm not very experienced with those technologies.

So I have to see, but if it is, if it is tough, I would not do.

<unintelligible> do it in Github and do it very quickly.

(A) Yeah.

(B) <unintelligible> like do much more timing to, into these things.

(A) Yes.

(B) So, yeah.

So one thing is setting up the website, but the website should have, uh, the content like, ah, the call for participations.

(A) So the website of Ah, the <unintelligible>, of the, of the special event.

(B) Yes, yes, yes.

(A) Mmm.

(B) So it will contain the call for participation.

Uh the program committee.

Uh the dates and the submission information type in the review process, location and stuff.

So these are easy to do.

Like but we have to write about the call for participation.

So I will like uh start writing them here today.

Mmm, but I was requiring your input.

Like, let me write it first version, and then, um, like maybe you, Muskaan and Ondrej should comment on that. 

(A) They comment to that, of course.

(B) Yeah.

(A) Of course we will comment on that, yes.

(B) Yeah, sure.

Ok.

So after this is done then at the same time Anja I will also ask you Anja and Muskaan.

Please try to invite people for like reviewers for the share task <unintelligible>.

So.

Yeah, so I will share with both of you a <unintelligible> e-mail for that we will resending to people we know and we want to-

(A) I don't know-

I don't have any, I don't have any connections in this summarization field.

I'm <unintelligible> new there.

(B) No, no, not require, not require Anja, not require to like only for summarization, ok?

(A) But how-

(B) We have to show we have a good program committee.

So I think you already-

You already brought the-

(A) Not summarization people.

(B) Like no one is going to check, you know.

So that's it.

<laugh>

(B) Yeah.

(A) They will know that they are good, but at the same time they will not know that they are summarization people.

I don't know. 

(B) So you have already brought three people, right?

As participants.

So even big and like agree to do uh review at least one or two papers.

(A) Well, they are okay, maybe.

Okay.

(B) You can just ask them, because eventually, like finally, it depends on how many papers we are getting.

And ah, like um.

And then we can invite more people based on how many papers we are getting, okay?

So that is <unintelligible>  requirement, but for in the website we have to show at least, I will say approximately around more than 20 people in the program committee.

(A) More than 20 people in the program committee.

(B) Yes, yes, yes, yes.

So like we have many good uh contexts, like, for example, from UFAL only we can have two or more than three or four people.

Excluding as the organizers.

So one could be <unintelligible>, uh, you might know someone.

So yeah.

(A) Hm-hm.

(B) And so let us let me write the draft e-mail and share it with you.

So I think this this can be done easily uh.

And yeah.

So uh can you open that particular doc that I shared uh <unintelligible> about inter-

(A) This overview?

Overleaf.

(B) Not overleaf.

Google doc.

Ok, let me share it with you again.

(A) Yes, thank you.

(B) Hold on.

Okay, so this is no correct thing.

So I, I just shared at the Zoom chat.

(A) Oh, does not work <unintelligible>.

(B) Which one?

(A) No one.

Just Google Docs is kind of uh it does not work today.

(B) Oh, why is it?

(A) Just Google today is busy.

It happened to us already, once with Ondrej now.

Just it does not work.

I do not know.

I can 't open it.

(C) How can I help you?

(A) I don't know, but Ondrej told that today Google doesn't work.

<laugh>

(B) Yes, I can also see that.

It's not working.

(A) Yeah.

Somehow.

So what I already opened, it it works.

But the new Google documents are, so don't work.

So I should download it, it doesn't work.

(B) Okay, anyway.

So uh let me tell you uh briefly.

Uh so the thing is like a for the website we need this thing uh to be ready.

And uh like uh we have to have the membership <unintelligible>.

For that I have mail to professor Jan Hadzik, I guess.

So, he is yet to respond back that we should do the individual membership, or we should do institutional membership so that we have to know what to do.

And yes.

So these are the, like, immediate pending task for preparing the proposals.

(A) I think I 'm a little bit lost and <unintelligible>.

What was the last information I.

(B) Yeah, so we have to also like get the <unintelligible> membership right.

So uh for that, I have mail to that-

(A) Aha, okay, I see on my <unintelligible>, ok.

(B) And I was looking at the, into some challenges of for the last year and their websites.

So we are going to like make that uh similar to them.

Like the content.

(A) Hm.

(B) Yes and.

Yeah, I think that is it.

(A) Oh, okay.

So what does it mean for us?

<unintelligible> read your document and then we will see.

Yes?

Wait for trust.

(B) Yeah.

(A) Ok.

(B) Wait for the draft and, yeah.

So I will send you the email draft to themselves.

And uh maybe like uh, I will also copy on to it so that he can also invite some more people into the program committee.

(A) Definitely, definitely um copy to Ondrej.

Because, yes he is the person who could have know about somebody.

(B) Mhm, right.

Okay, so this is it.

Uh it seems a lot of work to do.

For this.

(A) Yes.

(B) For this workshop thing.

Because, you know, like um, usually in workshop, like we used to have a big organizing committee, and some people are from <unintelligible>.

So and I think none of us are from someization background.

So-

(A) Yes.

(B) We have to work extra hard.

(A) Yes. 

None of us from-

You're also, you're also not from the summarization background?

(B) No.

(A) Aha.

(B) Yeah.

So that is, anyway, I did not thought like, um, like making a share task would be that much challenging.

(A) Mhm.

Well, I <unintelligible> that it is challenging since why I was so much unsure about making workshop that.

I think you manage it.

(B) Yeah, the actually, like we are also doing uh some workshops with <unintelligible>.

But thing is that there are like, like, the organizing committee is very big.

And so all of us are doing some, some, some portion, ok?

But I, like I am mostly looking into the like publicity and the website.

Uh for that.

And also a bit on writing the paper uh for that uh, but I did not like, um, <unintelligible> share task I guess it there is so many things that we need to take care of.

(A) Yes.

(B) And the thing is like for us full legit workshop we don't have content.

You know.

So that is why we have to focus on-

(A) Yes, we don't have, we don't, we don't actually have scientific input.

We have just the results of the experiment.

(B) Yes and I believe, like if to make it a workshop we definitely need at least one or two people who have a background in summarization.

So that they could can think of many content.

We are just focusing on only one data, right.

Like only one aspect of summarization.

(A) Yes, well, actually this discussion makes me totally frustrated.

Because originally, we planned and make a work, a shirt task.

It means to give the participants a totally new task and asked them to make mixed experiment and then compare the results.

Now we make a scientific workshop.

We need invited speakers on the topic and articles on the topic.

I really, I can 't help beat frustrated how it is it is possible to do.

But you are and Ondrej are optimistic.

So, why not.

(B) Yeah, I think uh like uh, even if we call it a workshop, but it will be mostly challenge specific.

Because we do not really have content for the workshop.

(A) Yes, yes.

But it is also actually not a workshop it's a satellite event.

At the satellite event maybe <unintelligible>

(B) Right, right, that's the exact word.

<unintelligible> not call it a workshop.

(A) Yes, let's not call it a workshop.

Yes, let's call it an event.

(B) And for the like <unintelligible> speakers also like we have to invite some <unintelligible> for the input.

Because uh we have <unintelligible> to some like prominent people in summarization.

Uh for uh like uh for some other topic.

Uh so, but uh like they did not like, they didn't like responded affordably so they were actually not available.

(A) So you address somebody?

(B) Yes, yes, many, me and Ondrej we, we addressed at least six to seven people from summarization community.

(A) Aha.

(B) But they are very, like they are very famous professors, including Edward, <unintelligible> and-

(A) And they did not answer?

(B) No, they did answer, but they said, they were very busy.

(A) But what?

(B) They said they were very busy.

(A) All of them answer that they-

So everybody declined.

(B) Yes, yes.

(A) Aha, ok.

(B) But the thing is that we <unintelligible> to like the like what unquote very famous people from some relation who were like, you know.

If we could have reached out to some early career people that would have been great from summarization.

But anyway, we have to think of <unintelligible> who has already worked on summarization.

So for that, I will talk to Ondrej.

(A) Mhm.

I do not know anybody.

I really do not know at all this earlier at all.

Maybe <unintelligible> could know somebody.

(B) Yeah, maybe.

(A) You didn't ask him.

(B) No, I 'm going to ask him to be a part of the program committee because he declined to be a part of the organizing committee.

(A) Mhm.

(B) I'm going to ask him to be part of the program committee.

(A) Yeah, <unintelligible> is definitely a good idea.

He should be, if he agrees, he is a good part of an organizing committee.

Probably he could know somebody for keynote.

So from this <unintelligible> media generations so, little bit younger, say.

(B) Mhm.

So uh in this regard.

But feel uh Charles University is is organizer, so it does not make sense, like someone from UFAL, right?

(A) As a, as a what?

What?

(B) As a <unintelligible> does it make sense like someone from UFAL to deliver the keynote?

I do not think so.

Because we are part of the organizing committee right?

(A) Hm, I do not know.

So if it is somebody, why not if it could be, if it is an authoritative person who knows about the topic, but I do not know the person.

I do not know who could have this talk.

(B) Mhm.

Um-hum.

Yeah, right.

(A) As as I think about summarization, I knew just a couple of very young students who began to do the year.

My gisters work on Phd.

Actually I do not know about senior people for just summarization.

(B) Yes.

And that too in terms of speech, not really text.

Mm, so let me ask, let me ask Ondrej <unintelligible>.

(A) Should I, should you, do you want to ask him now?

(B) Ehm, I can e-mail him or how do you propose to ask him?

(A) Yes, yes, yes.

(B) Ok.

(A) No, he's in the next room.

(B) Oh, ok.

(A) In the office.

(B) So if he is available maybe he can, would he be able to join?

Or maybe-

(A) I will ask him.

I will ask him.

As you say, as you-

As you tell.

(B) I think just let me-

(A) Ok, let <unintelligible>, write him an e-mail, yes.

(B) Ok, so I will do that.

Anything elsa Anja?

We are going to discuss?

(A) No, I think no.

This proposal isn't important.

It doesn't have sense to thing about to to discuss summarization.

(B) Yeah, yeah, yeah, right, right.

(A) I think you're totally busy with this topic now.

(B) Yes, I try to figure out what are the other things that we need to take care of.

(A) Yes.

(B) Ok, anything else?

Muskaan do you want to like share or we can drop for today.

(A) I think we can drop.

Muskaan should stay in bed.

(B) Yes, take rest.

(A) Yeah, take rest.

(B) Exactly.

(A) And be healthy as soon as possible.

(B) Yeah, yeah, just take rest, yeah.

Ok then.

(A) Bye then.

(B) Yeah, <unintelligible>, ok, bye.

(A) Bye.