(M) Hi there [PERSON54].
(T) Hi.
(MU) So [PERSON7] is gonna be there in the meeting?
(T) Yes yes.
Uh.
Should we?
(MU) <unintelligible> today?
Uh.
So he told me to share video.
Hi [PERSON27].
[PERSON27] just joined.
(T) Hi, hi how are you.
(M) <unintelligible> mic is muted I guess.
<laugh>
(A) Now we are unmuted hi.
<laugh>
[PERSON7] said that he would join us he has written me an hour ago, he is somewhere in the city centre, he's running in the University and she will have a very quick lunch so.
So I think he will join in about 20 minutes or such.
(T) Okay, okay.
(M) So I was.
I wanted to discuss the one.
Um, ah, [PERSON27].
Ah, ah, today [PERSON7] did send ah, that TDID for keyboard extractor.
In the minute, did you did you went across that?
(A) Oh no.
(M) That mail.
(A) Who sent what?
(M) [PERSON7] did sent in the minute, eh group.
In the minute, a [ORGANIZATION9] group, he had send an email.
(A) Oh, ah, keyboard yes.
(M) Yeah so I did try it for the minute which we, we did the dry run, the dry evaluation.
(A) I think I should first read it I do not know anything about it.
So I, well.
Well this is something yes, I have read it.
(M) Okay, so ah, I did test this ah TDID of keyword extraction.
On the minute which we were doing the dry run, for the one which we had nine minutes, and we evaluated it for the same meeting, so it gave so horrible results.
It was, which was the keyboard extractor, and laugh.
These were the two words.
(A) Because they are all the most frequent its.
(M) Yeah, so I said, 200, they are really bad.
<laugh>
And I want to agree that he is at that.
They are they are seriously, they are hilarious.
<laugh>
So so, but [PERSON29] has today written to us that this he has some TDID based on summarize.
So lets try that one.
If it gives uh better results.
So he has written some TDID based on keyword extractor his own program, so to check.
But the one which is from [ORGANIZATION6] is not good.
(A) See, what is the name.
(M) Charles University.
(A) <laugh>
Ahah.
(M) So [PERSON7] sent me to discuss with both of you that how these results came for that.
(T) Um.
(M) So he said that it is all says the task is very difficult.
(T) Yes, not sure.
It is difficult.
(M) Yeah, actually it is because a meeting data, it gives you the most, the maximum probability words.
So the most occurring result.
(T) Oh.
(M) What meet meeting data?
Yes, yes, yes, meeting data.
Yes yes meeting data.
Ah like our our meeting data it gives you most most commonly occurring words which are, like all those, all those words, which we usually say, because our <unintelligible> meetings are not something which are set up, then they are like in an organized fashion.
They are not played.
Our meeting is something which is usual meeting.
So these are the common words which are occurring.
And that is why the summarizers are giving such horrible results.
(T) Okay, so uh cant we preprocess those <unintelligible>.
(M) We can 't prepare us.
We cant remove.
Yeah we can remove that but anyway still, it gives sentences which are not relevant, like.
(T) <unintelligible>
(M) Using not the ID but other approaches so.
That is a problem actually of meeting so uh [PERSON7] said that maybe he can include a newer motivation to share task or some paper maybe.
Uh this <unintelligible> these commonly occuring words which we saw in the TDID like uh hmm and like laugh.
So you can include them as the motivation so these are the common occuring words which usually which we usually we extract when we are doing summarization for meeting data.
So that is one of the biggest problem of meetings summarization.
So you can include that point into your shared task.
So this is something we also noticed very early uh uh that the- these are some random words which are uh the usual word which we speak are occuring into the summarization of so this is the biggest drawback of meeting data which needs to be handled someway.
(O) Hi.
(M) Oh [PERSON7] joined us.
(O) Yeah hi sorry for the delay.
I was at uh lunch.
And i need to go uh to the court room.
(A) You are extremely quick [PERSON7].
<laugh>
(O) No no actually the email the email should got send only when I was already sitting at the canteen.
So it the email was delayed.
(A) Um hum okay.
(O) Yeah this is needed because I had to move to the court there.
Uh okay uh yeah so, uh, [PERSON54] about the venue, have you found the sick dial dates?
(A) Yes.
(T) Uh, yes the dial dates are like submission deadline is January 15 and the like the <unintelligible> are not uh published yet, I went through, but I went through the <unintelligible> and possibly they will follow the same timeline.
<unintelligible> after one month, so if you if you say January 15 by February 15 we should know that whether we are accepted in <unintelligible> or not.
Going by the other um years and then um.
(O) Earlier then after.
Signal itself is earlier interspeech, so I think its very uh risky or.
(T) So we.
Yeah so we would have 3 months before the paper submission deadline.
You know like big dial special session is just like interspeech <unintelligible>.
So uh like we have to be totally dependent on the sick dial people for running the special session, because it will be an like <unintelligible> part of the program.
It will not run as a parallel task parallel session it will be a part of the program.
(O) This is, this is, yeah this is preferable if we make it timewise, so thats thats a cricital problem so if the timing is harsher or not any better than interspeech then it doesnt make sense to go for sick dial because the sick dial itself is earlier.
So if we if we cannot get the benefit of being integral part being in their proceedings then I would prefer interspeech uh <unintelligible>.
(T) Yes, for that, so another date for sick dial is like uh the papers that would be submitted in our shared task would be reviewed by the program committee of sick dial and they do not guarantee that whoever our participants are we can like in like choose and invite that who would be presenting because.
(O) Yeah thats okay, like I would not see that as a big problem, increasing the quality of the shared task paper is fine if there is enough time for the submission.
So thats the critical thing so so [PERSON27] I've read the document or I've opened it already in the morning but the problem is that I havent found the the paper submission deadline for sick dial and that is critical.
If the paper submission for sick dial is uh similar to what was our submission for the system outputs, then let lets do sick dial, but if the paper submission deadline for sick dial is earlier if its around the time as the submission deadline for uh for interspeech.
I mean their main one then there is no point in going for sick dial.
(T) So uh, I will just post the timeline for previous sick dial so you can understand that how Uh ah submission for a.
(O) <unintelligible> to the document that that we are browsing the the.
(T) Yes yes, i did.
(A) <unintelligible> all these yellow things like <unintelligible> committee members invited speakers uh submission process so.
Are we able to do that?
(O) To review the papers?
(A) No ah, to create all this.
Ah, around things.
Scientific commission large enough to handle paper reviews.
So it is a creates our.
(T) Program committee.
Yeah
(O) Yeah, I think it is where you can do it.
It is not too bad.
Like I have done it for a few empty marathons several years ago.
Empty marathons used to have this system or tool papers that were published as a special issue [PROJECT11] that was in the first year when that happened.
And then, in the subsequent years, it was integrated with normal like.
There were also [PROJECT11] issues which mixed empty margin papers and separate papers because of the the number of those papers.
And we even had a thing like if the paper was not good enough for the [PROJECT11].
But if the tool was presented at the empty marathon.
The authors were invited to submit for another review for for the next [PROJECT11] issue.
So we have, even like said, your system or your tool is interesting.
Please publish it at the Anti Marathon among the people.
But your paper is too bad.
<laugh>
You need to improve it, and you will get only to the next [PROJECT11].
(A) Yes, but Ah, another possibility for sick dial is not it possible that a <unintelligible> dial
we attract kind of better participants.
(O) Yes, that is a that I also had, but I do not know, either of the the venues.
So you had.
They had a fine paper registration July.
So the conference was in September, and the paper submission was in May.
(T) Was in May.
This time it was in July.
(O) So it was time it was in July, June, July, August, September, its four months approximately.
(A) But actually, when you create this as if somebody from outside, from good, summarizes, say, summarizers, say, besides to take part in our shared task.
Anyway, he would never spend on it more than two weeks, is not it?
Je.
(O) Yeah, yeah, that is right.
So we cannot expect more involvement than two weeks of of person.
(A) Actually just the reality that possible rocks.
And so probably it is not such a problem, and their application process is definitely easier and Ah.
(O) For what?
(A) For sick dial.
(O) I dunno.
<laugh>
I dont think that the, I dont think that the application procedure for us is easier.
(A) The preparation is easier, your just say that we want to do that and that for interspeech we have precreate the separate action.
(O) But what I 'm worried is that the timing of sick dial is equally bad as the interspeech special session.
Or worse, perhaps.
(T) I uh I, I personally would proposed that we should have at least four months buffer time.
(O) Yes.
(T) Like four months time, where we done a dead thing at the deadlines we are able to choose.
So in that respect, I think if we get into interest, that will be better for us.
(O) Yeah, I think so.
(T) But uh again, the sick dial thing is probably like uh what an honest thing that is probably, ah, it is already established to attract more participants, and that the uh application proposals we already have, so it is easier.
(O) Yeah, yeah, I would still prefer the later timing.
I think it makes more sense because you have to.
I agree that the people would spend two weeks working on the submissions at most in some, but they need to have three months of sitting, just like having it on their to do lists.
And then in the two weeks, they will give it, but they need to have this time of of not doing anything and still knowing about that.
(T) And also, another other thing like uh, it may so happen that it happens in many shared task.
We we release the data, and then the participants come up with many problems that we can 't see right now.
(O) Yes, yes, yes.
(T) And then we have to feed those and then again republish.
(O) Yeah, if the time is short, then this is very in high risk.
(T) Yes, yes.
So it happens in almost all the shared task, like, um.
The first, the first challenge is released, and then the participants come up with, okay, these are the problems in this data, then they release another version.
(O) Yeah, it is better if this does not happen in [PROJECT26]  this does not really happen often, but that is a very established task.
You know exactly what to do.
And even when preparing the data for the shared task, everybody knows what to do.
So the in [PROJECT26] there are.
It is a rare thing that the test sets are updated, and also the training data.
It is a rare thing rather, but it would be, I think it is more likely for our minuting setup.
So yeah, I 'm.
I 'm definitely in favor of the later dead lines.
If so, we?
I said, Four months.
So what is the um?
Sick dial 2021 is already in June right?
(T) Yes, yeah <unintelligible>.
(O) So that means that the deadline for papers for their like.
Regular papers for special session papers would be a March, and that is, Ah, the same timing here.
Yeah, this is coming as interspeech the official one, the special track set up.
And it does not fit our needs.
(T) Yeah.
(O) So I think we, we actually have to do.
If we get accepted, we should try and and try to get accepted.
And we really should do interspeech at a live event.
(T) Mhm I think I think we should start to uh preparing for that.
(O) Yeah.
(T) What do you think on you?
(A) Okay, well.
(O) Yeah, so [PERSON27] of the extra work for the invited speakers that the workshop.
(A) For me it is totally unrealizable work.
(O) Um hum I dont see it like that.
(A) I would not do that never, so I'm not.
(O) We have [PERSON54], so I dont think.
(A) So for me its very very hard work i would just intuitively for less income but if you think the time that later task are more important I totally agree.
(O) I think the later time is is very important.
(A) If the ways ways are are sat I totally.
(O) And I've done empty marathons and there.
(A) Yes you have a lot of experience with that.
(O) Ah, it is a work that has, to, be started soon for the invited.
But actually at anti marathon its the I know the people so that is the difference.
So at anti marathon, I just like asked around, and actually I myself created the structure of what I would like to hear.
Half or two thirds of the structure were known from the previous years, because there is this summer school aspect.
And then, I like thought, what other topics?
What topic on the side would I like.
And I specifically asked colleagues who I actually knew before if they would come so.
And they knew empty marathons.
So there was a different situation.
It was only logistics and the the work for like putting the program together was less less of a problem, because people knew what to expect.
They were they were willing to come kind of anyway.
And when they were invited, we've saved some of their turtle funds or something like that.
So it was.
It was easy because it was in the field that I know, uh.
(T) I think like inviting the program committee.
And that, you know, because when we have a problem, we know people from the simulation committee, and we can reach out technically reach out to them.
(A) Yeah, mhm fine.
(T) So uh the the other thing I'm just bit worried about, like because, um, interspeech is all about speech rights.
So for any reason, suppose if we do not get into interspeech like a backup plan if you do not get it.
(O) So then we will apply for sick dial, but they also have the option of separate proceedings for sick dial.
(T) Yes.
So, ah the program committee would, Choose, ah the, the, the people that they want to appear in the proceeding.
But if we want to create our separate proceedings, afraid to do.
(O) Yes, so we can also run it as a sick dial thing.
Ah, but without.
And again in [PROJECT11].
(T) Yes, so the papers appearing in sick dial are okay.
We do not publish in [PROJECT11] those who are not appearing in sick dial posing.
(O) If someone manages to.
Thats good.
So if someone manages to do it in time for the sick dial deadline, yes they should go through the sick dial submissioned deadline.
And if they fail, we invite them to to send it to [PROJECT11], and we will review it ourselves.
(T) Yes, yes.
(O) So maybe what I do the same thing also for in their speech.
So like there would be plenty.
(T) For for interspeech we have to do that.
(O) For interspeech we could also split it paper by paper so that some papers would go to the interstate proceedings and some interest.
Some of our submission papers would come later for the [PROJECT11] proceedings, and the authors would be free to choose.
So we have to negotiate this with either sick dial or interspeech.
If it is okay for them to have some of our papers, given that these papers are submitted by the March deadline.
So there is an absolute strict requirement, and I think its, they cannot have anything against it.
Because if the paper is worth publishing.
Like, it is only a bonus that the paper has some shared task result appearing in the satellite event.
So yeah, I think it is okay, so we do not need to ask for a special session in any of well in interspeech.
It is called Special Session.
We do not want that in interspeech.
We want the satellite event, but we will tell our people.
If you manage to have your paper ready by the interspeech deadline, send it as an interspeech paper, and you will have it with interspeech.
Ah, ah, if you do not, ah, do it for the interspeech deadline.
Here is our deadline.
And that is for [PROJECT11].
(T)  Ah, okay.
But the thing like uh for interspeech satellite event.
Erm, interspeech, like, will not get into any proceedings.
(O) Yes, we will do the proceedings as the [PROJECT11] yeah.
(T) Yes so so you want to say, like, if someone does it earlier, so they can send you interspeech.
(O) Yep.
(T) Oh, okay, okay.
But uh that will be a total surprise thing, not.
(O) Yes.
So it is then from the outside, it will be just a coincidence that, like in interspeech they are presenting this.
And this is the live event they are listed as a participant in the shared tasks.
And in the overview paper for the shared task, we are citing the interspeech paper and not the [PROJECT11] paper in the [PROJECT11] or proceedings.
(T) Um-hum.
(O) And the same applies to sick dial.
(T) Yeah, uh 
<laugh>
I, I think, uh it may make a bit complicated, because uh we won't know uh the result of the interspeech live event until March 15th.
By that time, the interseech deadline would already be there.
(O) Um, ah, that is, I hope that we will know.
But, ah, but obviously, yeah, we need not.
Maybe they will be late.
So, maybe we will tell us only so late.
So, yeah, but then, ah, okay, then never mind if if someone is working on the thing for, ah, for years, ah, then he can do it in in the two weeks until the March deadline.
And if someone is not working on that, then he will have the deadline for our [PROJECT11] like I. 
I do not see any big problem there.
(T) Okay, okay, so uh.
So the thing is like, only right now.
We have to like prepared the proposal for both.
(O) Yeah, but the one for interspeech is the preferred one, in our case.
(T) Yes because we have to commit it soon.
Yeah, uh because the proposal is already active.
And uh, as the year said, that they would need at least one month, okay?
<unintelligible>
And then after the endorsement we have to send it by February to <unintelligible> to them.
They will do another round of division yep.
(O) Yeah, so let us.
Ah, okay, so.
Ah, ah, it is.
Ah, we need to apply for the <unintelligible> membership.
And I'm afraid that you cannot do it?
Well, maybe Mrs. <unintelligible> could do it like for you?
Because, ah, so it is probably bound to a person who is who is a member, a person or an institution.
(T) An infusion can take what a person can take.
So the part of personality is very live a for student.
(O) Mhm. 
(T) It is just 20 euros.
So I can do that, yeah.
(O) But the question is whether this would be sufficient for them, or whether they would need the institutional.
(T) Ah, oh, I do not think like uh it is required institution, because once you have the login id and password you can submit.
Submit the proposal yeah.
(O) Okay, but they will probably consider a differently if it is submitted from.
I do not know, maybe you, maybe you had that person responding.
So double check with them if a student price would be a student registration for, or would be okay and uh, or whether we should do the uh, the institutional one, and uh also so, is it annual?
So, is it like for 2020 and then separately for 2021.
Or is it for a year.
(T) No i think it will be for 365 days.
(O) Okay, yeah.
So in that case, I think, and how much is the institutional.
(T) It is uh it is for for package it is to fourteen euros.
(O) Sorry say, say again, 40, forty, four zero
(T) 240 euros.
(O) 240.
(T) Two four zero.
(O) Two four zero versus just 20.
<laugh>
Yeah, that is a big difference.
(T) Yes, um, yes.
(O) So let us try this.
The student <unintelligible>.
(T) I will just ask him.
(O) Yeah ask him.
(T) We, Um i was just to mention that we have only one membership.
So is, it is required that all the organizers have the membership.
(O) And in that case, the institutional is better, probably because the institutional is, I assume, that the institutional is kind of like for five researchers and two students, or something like that, though.
If you have the institutional one.
You dont.
(T) Yes, if you have the institutional one, then you do not need that separate uh thing.
(O) Yeah.
(T) So for a full member regular rate is one year, is sixty euros, and for a student member for one year, it is 20 euros
(O) Yeah so.
(T) So, and for institutional member package.
It is 240 euros for one year.
(O) So that corresponds to four members from the institution.
So it is like, without knowing these numbers, I said, it is like for four researchers and and two students.
So these two students are for free, so thats like.
So I made the estimate exactly correct.
<laugh>
So the best thing is to ask, also [PERSON96], ah, so this entitles people to attend in their speech as well.
Right?
No, obviously it is not the conference fee, but it is a reduced conference fee.
Then, right?
(T) Like one one show.
If one has the membership for, yeah, they will have some, some discount at the interspeech conference.
(O) Yeah, so I, such as that, you email [PERSON96] and ask him, what is preferred for the department.
If we should go for the institution one, or if we should.
Ah, go to Ah, because there are more people possibly.
Ah, and also [PERSON134] or Ah, these.
These are the speech people kind of.
So it does make, it can easily make sense to um.
Ah, do the institution in.
Ah, ah, registration anyway.
(T) Okay, So who should I ask I did not get.
(O) So well I would say out in general ask [PERSON96], [PERSON96] at [ORGANIZATION2] because he is the former head of the department, and also, he knows about all the projects who are here.
So he would have an estimate like how many people could possibly be interested in taking part in interspeech.
(T) Okay, okay, uh.
But uh I 'm not really sure that if one has a income membership, they will get reduced three restrictions.
He had inter switch so that I am not sure.
(O) And can we check from past.
Ah, interspeech conferences.
(T)Okay, okay that I can do.
(O) And also sick dial is also <unintelligible>.
And so it is either.
Or that means that the registration for <unintelligible> is also probably sufficient for sick dial application.
(T) Yes, yes, oh, oh, okay, I saw.
So they have reduced fee for interspeech.
You have.
(O) Please put these numbers, the student versus non student to the email to [PERSON96] so that he like sees the the differences.
And he would have an estimate like how many people potentially could take part in their speech.
(T) Okay, okay, mhm.
(O) Yeah, so that is um.
I think we are all set.
This is all clear at the moment, at least to me.
(T) Yeah.
And now, like since we would start repairing for uh this Ah proposal, we have to.
The major thing that we need to believe.
Make our scientific committee like we have to now reach out to people.
Yeah, very quickly, and prepare the website, and uh like prepared the call for papers on the website, like, Make up with it, and uh do all the stuff.
(O) So yeah.
So when creating the the website.
It is best if you email [PERSON247].
So it is PTAL mail.
That is not [PERSON27] privately.
(T) Can you like write in that dock maybe?
(O) Yes, I put it at the very top.
So, ah, oh, I 'll make it.
Oh, I can only suggest nevermind.
Ask for preffered type of membership give numbers to all estimate how much we will save waste by institutional one and [PERSON247] at [ORGANIZATION2].