" it's not a problem now but it we like to screen a film or something, " says one of the speakers.
" i haven't told you, i would like to arrange meeting, um, for the start of the project, " he says.
" you can fix it in the computer but really, they should fix the cabels here "" i don't know if we should meet in [ location4 ] or you donit mind, " i said.
i'm not sure if i'll be the main, main - ( person ) main, or person 1, hm, hm.
it can be done on monday or - - for today, for today." official email to [ person ] we should send him a table of content at least " " i would like to thank [ person6 ] that we want to, " said person6.
" i will write like official email, which we should, um, we should have a good - looking table "" project12 " is a new book by project12's director.
author says it is ready for [ person3 ] to change something.
if you find something outrageably bad, then send it to anyone.
if we should send him the whole boo -? please send him this.the book is titled'conclusion, conclusion and conclusion of six'it's not finished yet.
author says it is just lorem ipsum.
( person4 ) ( person 4 ) ( ( person6 ) )...
but it is like the main, minor, minor thing." i don't know if we - i don ’ t know, " says person9.
the book is out now, and it's just two weeks on to the end of june.
the author says he'll send it or i will send it to anyone else.if you're planning to submit anything to the deadline at the end of june, you'd be good to - put the holidays on the wikileaks.
if you want to see the holidays, it's not very, very good.
we don't have a google calendar for [ project12 ], so we haven't got a calendar for project12 '" i mean, i meant.
13th to nineteenth to nineteenth...
i should be - go away and be away for the rest of the week, " says weill.
" i think most of the deadlines shifted and nobody corrected it, " said weill only one week ago.if it is not accepted to be part of project 4, it will be on july 13, 14th, 14th and 15th.
if it's not accepted, i'll try to update the black box deadlines.
i'm going to be here in july - ( person7 ) and probably like half of august's deadlines )letis set it on fourteen.
( person4 ) schuzky ( person6 ) ( at the um, one to fifth, um.
no.
it is june.
" we will have a meeting in, in this - - i will copy it here in, " letis said.
" i will write it - i would like to set meetings "the next two tuesdays are fine, but there will be a meeting.
" i want to set the meeting, like the holiday meetings, " says one person4.
" we will have, um, the meetings twenty - twenty - three and thirty - three, and then thirty - two "" if you at least somewhere online, you will be offline to < unintelligible...
but, maybe not ( person4 ) ).
( person 4 ) ( ( person3 ) ), you plan to submit a paper to calling, set new plan.
" so we should set new plans, " says one of the three.first deadline the end of june would be stopping adding any contents, new contents.
weill probably not submitting anything, but we need to s - - or wh - - - what is really the d - d - dead - - deadline for the book was the final of june but it is n - - dead.we have one month more.
because of the corona crisis or? ( person3 ) ) ( person4 ) : i don't like to like postpone it much because i don ’ t know if it can be postponed many more times...
or not.
i can ask, um, to postpone like the, the - - all the outcomes, and the reviews and all the things i planned for half of ye - - will not write so." we could definitely say that we couldn't, we couldnt write the book, " says person7.
" we can say it.
but i don't know whether we can, we could say we could ask in august or something, " said person6.
" i don ’ t know how they assess that, but you know...
it would be better not to ask too early because then we would postpone the deadlines and - - and - ( person6 ) 'if we ask for the covid nineteen postpone it, we could use it later.
if we have a new publication next year, we'll get some money from other sources so we can use it for some conferences next year.'we will not need to like to postpone this,'says one writer." i think we will make it somehow, " says person 13 - year - old.
she is moving to location2, or at least for a couple of days per week.
she says : " we will not have any problems with, um, what was the next step? "the heat maps were very sharp but i don't know whether to, or what is going on next week.
i'm not sure if i'll, or if i ’ ll start...
it's time to do the next, and what is plan to do next?the balustrades are very sharp but um, um, very, how to say it, not sharp.
" it was like an exact replication of the " attention is all you need " paper.
it was trained on the same, same data set as you used, " said person3.the heat maps look slightly different to what's happening in the text.
if you want to write ok, it might be an artifact of [ project9 ] because one < unintelligible'the data will be much more complicated how to say something about it, as well as how to describe it.there are also something like balustrades but as - - not as - ( person1 ) or person1 ( person4 ).
" i think colors really negative < unintelligible...
sometimes..
but yeah.
i will somehow - - so that is what is needed to be, to be - - what are the new content this.
"the first part of, um, section, is about self - attentions, the cross - lingual attention, and the start of attentions.
this will be written mainly by person1 and he already - ( person1 ) has something for his paper, or he will share it somehow.the book now is one hundred and thirty pages.
" it really went better.
it is better than one hundred fifty fifty - eight, itis ok for a book.
i think itis better we write it like one fifty fifty fifty, it is ok, " says the author.letis, letis go to [ person7 ]'s ] most iive written since i started, till this week.
i think it's almost ready to be read...
but not quite.
it is unusable, but you can comment on it and we can work on it.the new book, " the new generative language models, " is out now.
author says it's more interesting to look into the attention heads and things like that.
he doesn't think we'll be able to use embeddings in these models because it is more interesting.if i write them on slack, maybe donit.
i want to write something on debiasing and the summary and thatis it.
i think it will be better to let that discussion to go on again...
and that is why i want it to be on slack.the first two, um, articles mentioned in the three, zero, two and then rewrite it to make sense.
these sections will not be there because theyire just to - do lists.
" i will write it someday, " says one of the sections.
" whatis there? " ( person7 ) : " i can't make ze -, zero "if you switch to [ organization4 ], then it will be fun to read.
the macro that rewrites everyone to zero and...
is like the structure.
( person6 ) ( person7 ) ( ( person4 ) ), ( person ) ; ; ;..
(..
) ;.
( (.
person ) ).
( what should be definitely readable is like that." who is better " is a very bad title of the section.
it's just some left over stuff that we moved to other chapters.
it should be partitioned to several subsections, mostly the ones that are there already, and some are better than other sections.some parts of the text are moved from other parts of text to one.
this is what should be there, but there is already quite a lot of writing that is not there yet which i plan to add.
i'm missing still some of the key, um, papers that find syntax in there." i don't know if i have the [ person ] 3 is face there, " i say.
" i think so, but i cant see it now.
i don ’ t know...
what is there, not the structure of the papers " i'm happy to take some suggestions, but itis probably not sure which things belong to me.
i'll be happy to see it again, and i canit see it today.winogradis schemas schematics are probably pragmatics or event what linguists call discourse.
they say coreference resolution is part of the discourse theory in location 3.
5 million people live in the u.
s.
but coreference is more than that of a person." i think it could be better for, if you can, you - ( person4 ), " says person 4m.
" it is better for reading...
but i forgot whatis the paperis ( person6 ) " " it's better, if, anyone knows what they are, " he says.the question is whether it.
captures some abstractions or whether it captures word identity plus context, um, which is an interesting question.
" i think we should have a section on that...
but to some extent it does do some high - level abstractions really, " says um.like the effect on what the representations capture after that, i think it belongs.
i think this should be like two pages, now itis one paragraph...
and there is some sort of list of papers i want to cover, and i have not covered yet, so i haven't covered it yet, or maybe some are missing.the multilinguality paper we want to cover itis somehow, somewhere and i don't know if it should be a separate chapter.
" we've got no specific plans on that, but definitely that you < unintelligible, " says the writer.i don't know if [ [ person ] 3 ] can do this or? ( person4 ) ).
i don ’ t think we want to copy [ [ [ section ] with plenty of technical details.
i can ask [ person4 ] and i will write him like the official - ( person3 ) )" itis for the, itis, um, thatis what want to have here, " says person6.
" we just removed the sentence level representations we decide nobody ( wants ) it, so i can ask.
( person ) it is really what we want to put here anyway, " said person4.the project is now in a stage where it should be reasonably easy to organize it into a readable way and organize it.
the initial plan was to submit the missing information to the project1, and then send it to the person4m.
this is the project's first project since the project began in 2009.there is like most commonly found papers that we, in like many ( type ) configuration.
there is a lot of common common sense in the most common papers, but it's mostly a thing of the sort.
" i can also share it, i can, i have it here, " says one user.um, itis hard to compare like dots between themselves bec - - to one pair of results from one paper.
the results are from rnns and um, um, or word2vec.
this is like rnns, but itis harder to compare to other, um and um.language model had more data for pretraining.
encoders were able to translate from lan - - one language to the same language so it < unintelligible level speech encoded in them like mostly because you are, you are - - and not really encode the part of speech.most papers are about probing for part of speech ( tag ) so that all the visualisations look at are good.'i would like to have, to have it there, yeah, that would be also nice,'says one.'we should also make sure that all visualisation is looked at...
but these are good 'i have to regenerate them, and all in the same colors - - ( ( person4 ) ) hm.
( person 4 ) ) and fonts ( person 3 ) ) are different.
i'll do ab -, i will first have them somehow - - but itis basically tix with,...
and..you can see'unintelligible'is on github.
( person3 ) ) ( person4 ) ( ( person 4 ) ) : ( person 3 ) )...
and ( person6 ) ), ( person5 ) : : ( [ person3 ] ).
( ( user3 ) :..
( [ user4 ) ) and.
(..
).bye bye, bye, [ person3 ], and see you later.
bye...
you've a good day.
bye to you later in the day.
you can't say goodbye to your friends.
if you want to be with you later, call the person3.
do you have a bad day.