hi, hello, can you hear me? i can hear you, by the way.
i'm i'll make [ person3 ] the host for now...
and i r - - - re - reconnect and leave meeting.
( and ) i will make ( person3 ) the host, uh, makes [ person2 ), the host.a transcriber of germany's german subti - subtitles is on the way to the spreadsheet.
the transcripts for checkables are al - - almost done.
it's the same thing as a person's computer program.the transcripts for the first 30 parts of the transcript are still running.
but for some folders, the audio format should be already fine.
it's great that person5 has the time to get it right.
the transcript should be on the way to the end of the interview.uh, uh, there is no way we could do it for the next week.
uh is uh uh slightly easier than what we do, uh.
uh...
and uh.
there is like natural shortening,'uh'says uh.'uh.
oh, uh uh, oh, yes, uh 'the people from i think, uh, but uh, it was [ organization2 ] actually.
they are just processing first k words as they as they get them into the input.
so basically we would just just train it s - - so that it is faster because we ran out of time, right.uh uh uh, uh uh in edinburgh, who would have had the time to do that.
the only other candidate would be, ah, [ person10 ] from uh, the [ project5 ] project.
uh uh is a very risky and and distant, uh so it would be difficult to do it.uh uh, i - i - if i see that i - it is possible...
if i.
could..
click on to s - s - some buttons.
i - think that [ [ person ] ] should uh just like, click, uh, uh - uh.
i will work it on tomorrow.uh uh, uh uh and uh uh uh...
are you away from eleven to one? ( person1 ) uh uh? ( ( person6 ) ) and uh.
uh uh ( person ) ).
uh : uh uh is not that true.
uh is uh uh huh? ( uh uh ) uh.uh uh uh.
( person1 ) and " person1 " are in the project1 test set.
uh.
uh uh? ( person3 ) ) : " we have the the link, uh uh somewhere else, " says uhuhl.
" we can run the dataset for monday, " he says.
" it would be useful test "" uh, it should be easy for me to do that, " says one person.
" i have two laptops at home.
you need to ( arc ) and one more machine with x to go, " he says.
" it will be done today, i guess, and both is good for me.
"uh,'person3'will provide a link between the two domains.
uh is the same...
but still.
you should not mess it up,'uh says.
the two videos will be updated and re - posted on monday or on monday.
the models will also be updated on monday and on monday, and monday.each of the pipelines is uh, but each running actually runs exactly the same thing.
each of these uh uh uhs uh is uh - th - we should all know like how to do it.
this should be part of the automatic evaluation of [ project1 ] test set right now.the sound quality is uh a little worse.
uh is uh, uh uh, that's uh.
uh uh is a good way to do it, uh...
but it should really be done uh all the time, or for future i would not need it, says uh.if you're keeping track of the files, it could take care of at least the known ones.
if we add some new files, we can see for that later.
we will just run it...
and only when you actually do it, it's a message for everybody.
we'll just run the test set.uh brian said that once they get the transcript, we will learn it together.
this is the last chance to get it running before the weekend.
he will ask person7 if he's available.
he'll have a call with person7 on monday and then only from monday onwards." i mispronounce it.
so probably, you know, the correct pronunciation.
and i don't recognize it, " says person5.
the uh - ( person1 ) is a " organization4 " ( person3 ), which means " organization 4 " it's just a single word.the asr system is being developed by person6.
it's working on the two types of dictionaries that come from person2.
there are some things to discuss about the system, including how to run ( and ) if you already know how to ran ( sldf )person2 sent the uh files to the uh ( watson ibm ) and yeah.
( person6 ) and then sent them to him.
so he first recognized the words in the audio file and then converted them into phonemes.
he then sent the phonemes to person2.
and so he added these pronunciations in his dictionary.the uh word is uh - to grapheme.
it means that ( person1 ) should contain watson.
this is exactly as what you did with the ( phoneme ) model.
it is assumed that [ [ [ person ] ] should contain our ( ( person )...
but it's - - uh.
uh.if the person uh s - says this also with zet 20 times in the uh in the talk, then then you will see that in the data.
this will be not as frequent as the ones that were observed three times or more or something like that.
if he says this, he will have to leave now, because he needs to give the kids, the lunch and so on.the dictionary will have three columns.
uh, uh, the grapheme as it is output...
and there will be multiple lines with different phoneme variations.
so what exactly the dictionary looks like in the dictionary? it's not ready for two big custom dictionaries, so we need to test it out.uh uh uh.
uh uh is uh...
uh, uh uh, that you have.
uh.
that you.
have.., uh? that you, uh, what exactly do this make sense? ( uh ) uh uh??..
( uh uh )?? " uh uh " uh.if we want to do uh uh, we might try it...
for for for the time stamping it's good enough.
but there is no way to enrich the language modal by texts.
we may need both.
uh uh or at least we can get uh uh time stamps.there is possibility to use language model for different models.
we will do first test of this tomorrow at one uh prague time.
this is the numbers that we want to obtain for the different models, we will use to get the system running.
it's the number one that we need to use for the various models.as long as person3 is on the call, we need at least two numbers to compare.
if it's asked, we can still move monday to tuesday, but tuesday is already the ( project2 ) day.
" uh, uh, the uh.
decision uh.
decided to p - happen on monday, " i said.uh uh, uh, i'll send you uh a text on slack later today, and sorry for all the, uh.
i'm sorry for what happened to you on the call call lat - - yesterday or ( ( day before ) yesterday, i tried processing it, but i saw silence...
but i see silence.
uh.
uh uh is basically about uh - uh.an asr worker, or one of the same as anr workers, is going to do more of an adaptation.
" uh, one is from [ [ organization1 ] and we have two, " says one.
" we'll see, uh, uh uh - uh - sequence, " he says.uh uh, uh uh uh 32, 43 to 43 languages.
" rainbow workers had better scores than our len, " says uh uh.
" uh uh " is a new way to get people to sing better.
" i'm not sure if you you you are not at at this moment, " he says.like most common words, it's just uh the - like all the words are some just uh.
but for some, it may be caused by the speaker.
if you want to inspect it, then l - listen to the source audio.
for the asr, you can see w - when it is right.the annotator will ca - ca - can filter them out by herself.
the transcripts for the first files are processed incorrectly.
it's not clear how to convert them to the uh right format.
it will be good to save the volume of the files, so they were processed incorrectly incorrectly.the format does not support the format, actually.
it doesn't support the length of the format.
it's actually a problem that basically the length is incorrect.
the format is different to that of the standard format, but it does not allow it to be used in parallel.the conversion command is called sox.
it gives you only the information.
for the conversion, you can't find whi - which files.
this is because it's a lot of files, so maybe i will change the conversing...
and i will trade for one file if it works better.if you provide me with a la - language model, then you can provide it.
i think it could be done by today...
and without punctuation.
i hope there will be a good quality for the recognition.
i'm not sure whether i'll get it done.if it doesn't work, then we don't need to care about the rest of the rest.
if it does, then then we can ask the annotator whether it works.
" i will send an email to [ person2 ] and i may disconnect this call soon.
"there are the curly brackets uh around the pronunciation and be ( calibrated ) around first and the last for me with ( ( w b ) in there ).
the problem is - so this is the < unintelligible dictionary dictionary, and it is actually in our public format.phonemes there some ip formats that are not alphabetic.
if you're familiar with this, you can use that package as well.
it's possible for you to use the other f - package to graphemes...
or in any way that is very easy to use.uh - uh - ( person2 ) and the nearest one are for example, you did not link these two or s - or um.
we can just substitute each uh word with this.
uh - oh is a pro - variable pronunciation, but it seems that uh - huh is the one.if you go to the uh.
uh paragraph paragraph, then there should be some uhms.
there should also be some mapping or or some map of uh uh.
the uh is the first ipa phoneme for the uh open ( bat ), and for example, it's in the meat.there is an example of uh the flying uh animal.
uh is uh a rotated a? ( person2 ) or ( person6 ) ) uh.
uh uh is in a rich word in our dictionary...
and it is in the rich word.
in ( person ), we don't have in in.if you have time and you are not too busy, so i'm as sure i am < unintelligible.
i can definitely do that...
but it would be very great for me to uh uh, uh.
uh, i can do that, but i don't want to be too busy.
so a - if that can be done, i'll let you know an email or flight.if you convert this list into the uh phonemes, that would be great.
if you can change these ( ipa ) to the alphabet phonemes ), you'll get in touch with you.
" if you could just change these to the uh ( cmu ) uhu, " that ( it would be ipa ) ), " you mean? "