The recording has already started.
The important document is the PROJECT2.
The call is being recorded because I'm collecting various meetings.The meetings are on Thursdays.
The purpose of the meetings is for everybody to say what they are working on, and what they have in mind for the upcoming weeks.
The meetings are important for me to collect the credits.
They are also important to synchronize themselves and to avoid duplicatingAfter the presentation of natural language processing tools, the next event will be the English given presentations of the tools.
After that, there will be one more dry run and then the final session on on the Congress on the 12th of February.
Then the Monday seminars start again.In the coming days, I need to focus more on sentence detection on both English and Czech segmenter.
I also need to integrate more on the[PERSON2] 36 36 empty models and doc translation, and spend more time on integrating <unintelligible> office <unPERSON12 is starting a project until 6th of March.
His main project is multi-source spoken language translation research.
He is also working on the binding worker for automatic speech recognition and mediator.
PERSON3 was busy preparing for the Monday seminar and didn't have time to deal with the audio compression.
PERSON3, PERSON12, PERSON7 and PERSON10 are working on preparations for the SLT shared task.
PERSON4 is working on the framework or test set for evaluation of simultaneous translation.IWSLT is running a shared task aimed at helping Project2 in the [ORGANIZATION4] Congress.
PERSON11 and PERSON12 are working on a project.
They need help with translating documents from English to German, French, Spanish, English and Czech into their native languages.PERSON13 and PERSON15 use different tools for different tasks.
But still, the underlying tools would be would be the same.
PERSON11 uses both <unintelligible> Tokenizer and PDF text convertor.
PERSON5 is supervising and supervising the IWSLT, that's spoken language translation from English into two  languages of interest only: Czech and German.
There are multiple occasions on which we can use these systems.
The first occasion is the talk by [PERSON16] on Wednesday.
In preparation for Wednesday, Person 12 asks Person 14 to process the dry run of the talk.
People 12, Person 13, Person 14 and Person 15On Monday, people will send in the outputs of the speech processing pipeline.
On Tuesday, they will fine tune the system and on Wednesday morning, they'll decide which one to deploy for the event.
On January 29, 2019, there will be a competition linguistics talk by [PPERSON3, PERSON4 and PERSON12 will meet on Thursday and have the session on Wednesday.
PERSON3 will use this week to train the segmenter and get European data to train a new segmenter.