But the one which is from [ORGANIZATION6] is not good.
(T) So we.
So uh like we have to be totally dependent on the sick dial people for running the special session, because it will be an like <unintelligible> part of the program.
(O) This is, this is, yeah this is preferable if we make it timewise, so thats thats a cricital problem so if the timing is harsher or not any better than interspeech then it doesnt make sense to go for sick dial because the sick dial itself is earlier.
(T) Yes, for that, so another date for sick dial is like uh the papers that would be submitted in our shared task would be reviewed by the program committee of sick dial and they do not guarantee that whoever our participants are we can like in like choose and invite that who would be presenting because.
(O) Yeah thats okay, like I would not see that as a big problem, increasing the quality of the shared task paper is fine if there is enough time for the submission.
So thats the critical thing so so [PERSON27] I've read the document or I've opened it already in the morning but the problem is that I havent found the the paper submission deadline for sick dial and that is critical.
If the paper submission for sick dial is uh similar to what was our submission for the system outputs, then let lets do sick dial, but if the paper submission deadline for sick dial is earlier if its around the time as the submission deadline for uh for interspeech.
(T) So uh, I will just post the timeline for previous sick dial so you can understand that how Uh ah submission for a.
Yeah (O) Yeah, I think it is where you can do it.
And we even had a thing like if the paper was not good enough for the [PROJECT11].
(A) Yes, but Ah, another possibility for sick dial is not it possible that a <unintelligible> dial we attract kind of better participants.
(O) Yes, that is a that I also had, but I do not know, either of the the venues.
(O) Yeah, I think so.
(T) But uh again, the sick dial thing is probably like uh what an honest thing that is probably, ah, it is already established to attract more participants, and that the uh application proposals we already have, so it is easier.
And then in the two weeks, they will give it, but they need to have this time of of not doing anything and still knowing about that.
So the in [PROJECT26] there are.
So yeah, I 'm.
If so, we?
(T) Yes, yeah <unintelligible>.
(T) Yeah.
(O) So I think we, we actually have to do.
(O) Yeah.
(T) What do you think on you?
(A) I would not do that never, so I'm not.
(O) Yes, so we can also run it as a sick dial thing.
(T) Yes, so the papers appearing in sick dial are okay.
(T) For for interspeech we have to do that.
So yeah, I think it is okay, so we do not need to ask for a special session in any of well in interspeech.
If you manage to have your paper ready by the interspeech deadline, send it as an interspeech paper, and you will have it with interspeech.
Ah, ah, if you do not, ah, do it for the interspeech deadline.
And that is for [PROJECT11].
(O) Yes, we will do the proceedings as the [PROJECT11] yeah.
(T) Yes so so you want to say, like, if someone does it earlier, so they can send you interspeech.
So it is then from the outside, it will be just a coincidence that, like in interspeech they are presenting this.
(O) Um, ah, that is, I hope that we will know.
So, yeah, but then, ah, okay, then never mind if if someone is working on the thing for, ah, for years, ah, then he can do it in in the two weeks until the March deadline.
And if someone is not working on that, then he will have the deadline for our [PROJECT11] like I. I do not see any big problem there.
And I'm afraid that you cannot do it?
So I can do that, yeah.
(T) Ah, oh, I do not think like uh it is required institution, because once you have the login id and password you can submit.
So double check with them if a student price would be a student registration for, or would be okay and uh, or whether we should do the uh, the institutional one, and uh also so, is it annual?
Or is it for a year.
(T) It is uh it is for for package it is to fourteen euros.
(T) We, Um i was just to mention that we have only one membership.
(T) Yes, if you have the institutional one, then you do not need that separate uh thing.
(O) Yeah.
(O) Yeah, so that is um.
(T) Yeah.
(O) So yeah.
