Today is the deadline for adding new content into the book.
The introduction is to be done.
Multilinguality is missing.
In the next week Person 6 is going to rewrite the text and add pictures to it.
Person 14 wants to ask the alters if they can include their images into the book.
Person 6 doesn't know how to do it.PERSON6, PERSON14 and PERSON20 are discussing whether or not they can cite from ACL antology papers.
They need to specify the licence of the papers.The article was published in the year of 19.
It's creative comments atribution 4.0 international licence.
There are many subsections with no content.
PERSON6 and PERSON14 discuss how to organise their text.PERSON6, PERSON14 and PERSON21 discuss how to divide a document into two pictures and how to change a text file.In the chapture, the first part of the text needs to be written.
Some parts still need to be rewritten and, and the pictures must be done better.
The text will be written by [PERSON24] and he has rewritten some parts so that it fits the bookPERSON14, PERSON6 and PERSON24 are working on a project.
The scale is automatically adjusted to, to show the whole range.
Some of the embeddings do have some extremes so if you include them, they will be squashed.
FastText shows the structure and others don't.PERSON20 and PERSON24 are arguing about the differences between their figures.
PERSON14 and PERSON20 discuss how to improve the figures after they are sent to the reviewers.The deadline is today at midnight.
PERSON24 is going to read all of the book and comment on it today.
The only thing missing is PCA and ICA.
Sentiment is written in English at least 160 pages.PERSON6, PERSON20 and PERSON24 are writing a book about deeplearning.
They need a preface and a summary of the book.The summary in English must be in every Czech book.
If the book is too short, they can write the summary in Czech.
The longest book in the series is the light lexikons.PERSON7, 375, Wau.
PERSON14, PERSON24 and PERSON6 are meeting on Monday, 13th July at 2 p.m.
in their office.
They are going to have lunch before the PROJECT1 meeting and then go to the organiser's2 meeting.
PERSON14 has holiday fromPERSON20 and PERSON24 are interested in ACL.
They want to know how it works.
The presentation will be broadcasted and the QA sessions will be live.
They need to be registered for the tutorials.
PERSON6 doesn't know how links work.
People can watch if they are registered.
